I was 20 the first time he hit me.

Wed been together for three years, and honestly, Id expected it sooner. His rage was swift and very sudden, and while he could be so sweet---and was, most of the time---he could also be triggered to anger at the drop of a hat. But I stayed. Why did I stay? It seems stupid now, looking back on it. But I stayed because I was dependent on him. I stayed because I needed someone to share myself with, someone to hold me, someone to cry to and lean on and fall asleep beside. I stayed because I alone was not enough for myself to depend on.

There was another reason, too: I stayed because he said he needed me. He also was not enough support for himself; he, too, needed someone to care for him, to forgive him, to assure him that everything was going to be ok. He was really not sure of himself in life, and his fear and inability to be comfortable with himself would eventually give way to anger. And when he was angry, he would strike out at the one thing he knew would not strike back.

He was always sorry after he hit me. There were apologies, presents, tender lovemaking after the fact. He felt horrible, he said, every time he left a mark. He didnt know why he kept doing it. He would do better next time. He promised.

Promises. Promises. So very many of them.

I could, at the very least, have told my friends about the bruises, or mentioned them to my parents, or let a kind coworker accidentally see the red marks up and down my arms, my back. But my friends were all strong, empowered, sure of themselves and taking nothing from anyone. And that was how Id been raised. That was what the society around me expected. I couldnt face the shame of telling someone that the one person I loved most---the person who told me, and everyone else, that he loved me more than anyone---was hurting me, over and over again. I couldnt bear to see the shock and pity on my parents faces, or have my friends ask, How could he do this to you? Youre strong, youve never let anyone push you around, especially a little guy like that. Why would you let this happen, especially that many times?

But its not something that happens all at once. The first blow does, yes. It stuns you. You cant believe what hes just done. And neither can he. Thats the thing---he hits you, that first time, and then theres as much shock on his face as yours. He holds you, tells you how sorry he is, with tears streaming down his face. He talks about how stupid he is, how much he hates himself, how he can never forgive himself for what hes just done. So you forgive him. Because it was an accident: you pushed him too far, and he lashed out. You were intentionally antagonizing him. Its certainly not all his fault. You hold him, and youre crying too, and telling him that its ok, itll be all right, you know he wont ever do it again, and that you forgive him even though he cant forgive himself.

And gradually, as it happens a second and a third and a fifteenth time, the shock of being hit gives way to resignation. You grow to expect the beatings, because hes a sick man, and this is what sick men do. You beg him to get help, to try to stop himself. You come up with solutions, problem- solvers, distractions, so that when he ends up angry you dont end up with another bruise. But nothing helps. You keep telling yourself, after every time he punishes you for the infractions that grow smaller and smaller, that that was the last time, that this will never happen again. You sometimes tell yourself that youre going to leave him. You even pack your bags a time or two, when hes away at work or on a business trip. But you stay. You always stay. You cant face the humiliation of showing your friends, your family, what youve become.

And besides, he loves you. He loves you. You know he does, because of everything he does for you when hes not angry. How could you let such a sweet, loving person go to jail because of you, even if he does have anger issues? Mental illness is not the sufferers fault. They cant help it.

No one has ever made it clear to you that theres a difference between a mental illness and a conditioned response, a distinction between the urge and the action.

I was lucky---I got fed up. Some people never do. They stay, and they stay, and they stay, and one day they wind up dead in a ditch somewhere or wasting away in a hospital, unable to recall any joy in the past thirty years, or huddled in a corner for the rest of their now-solitary lives because even though hes gone by now, they cant forgive themselves for letting it happen, or respect themselves after having all self-respect slowly drained from them.

I was 20 the first time he hit me. I was 24 the last time. And the funny thing about self-told stories: sometimes they have unreliable narrators.

I was the man in this story. But not the he Ive been referring to. That one was a she.