I look down at the two cuts across the bottom of my leg.  The blood was still coming out, but only in a couple spots.  Little droplets of red, not enough to start dripping but enough to make a seven year old think hes been severely injured. I shouldnt have tried to pull away.  I thought to myself as I ran the dirty washcloth under the water in the rust-stained sink.  I had pulled it out of the two foot deep pile of dirty laundry in the hallway as I climbed over to reach the bathroom.  I quickly blotted away the blood and waited to see if more drops would appear.  A few popped up here and there but the bleeding was stopping.  I hate this.  I thought.  Why didnt I just keep quiet? I whined, through clenched teeth. Tears flowed down my face. In my mind it was always my fault.  Probably from a mixture of being constantly told it was and childhood naivet.  

The steak knife probably would have only left superficial indentations if I hadnt tried to pull away, but I panicked.  For a few brief seconds, I actually thought she might try to cut off my foot. I wasnt sure what was going to happen. She grabbed me and pulled me up in the air by my ankle. I laid there propped on my elbows and shoulders, looking up at her. My eyes must have been the size of dinner plates.  She had taken me by surprise and at first I didnt see the knife.  When I realized what was going on, I jerked my leg out of reflex.  The knife cut me twice.  Once when I moved my leg and once when she regained control.  I dont know if it shocked her at all but it sure surprised the hell out of me. My eyes were fixed on the blade watching to see any sign of the slightest movement.  Will you shut up! she screamed.  I knew it wasnt a question.  Im sick of hearing it!  I shook my head violently in agreement and repeated over and over: Okay, okay.  Im sorry, Im sorry.

With this, she threw my leg towards the floor sending the lower half of my body crashing down.  She turned to walk back into the kitchen but stopped and turned after a single step, the knife pointed in my direction.  If you tell anybody about this, Ill f---ing kill you.  I believed her.  

As soon as she let go, I got up and ran down the hallway of our mobile home.  My bedroom was the last door on the left before the bathroom.  I ran in and climbed up to the top bunk and tucked myself as far into the back corner as I could get.  I knew that her rages could sometimes last hours and I wanted make myself as inaccessible as I could.  As I sat there with my legs tucked against my chest, I noticed the blood for the first time.  It had just started to run down my ankle and I quickly rubbed the drip away with my hand and licked the blood clean.  I didnt want to get it one my clothes or the sheets, I knew blood stained.  

I climbed down the bunk bed ladder as quietly as I could and poked my head carefully out the door.  I looked down the hall towards the kitchen.  She was standing at the kitchen sink, her back was to me.  I crept slowly out into the hall and down to the bathroom trying to be as quiet as possible.  
	
Once I finished cleaning my cuts, I looked down at the blood stained washcloth.  I knew I couldnt put it back in the laundry; I would get in trouble for the stains.  Next to the door a section of the fake wood paneling that covered all the walls in the trailer had come loose. I pulled on it and shoved the washcloth into the space behind the wall, hoping that it would never be discovered.  

I opened the door and slowly crept back to my room.  I could see my brother watching TV in the living room as I looked down the hall.  I climbed back into my bed.  I didnt think about missing dinner or what TV shows were going to be on.  I thought about how much I hated her.  How much I hated what she did.  I told myself how I would never treat my children this way even if they did screw up as much as I did.   Tears continued to stream down my face and soaked my pillow.  I was looking forward to going to school in the morning.  I always did.  It was my escape.  I didnt have to worry about being hurt or yelled at, at least for a little while.  I eventually fell asleep, exhausted from everything that had happened. I hoped that when I got home the next, my mother might have forgotten what she had done.

(Part 2: https://www.reddit.com/r/shortstories/comments/48ubh2/nf_afraid_pt2/)
