Soft, in the corner the heater will hum its lullaby, droning- as it always does. The chairs are on either side of the heater, and the table (which used to be the thing separating them) is moved aside, with slight coffee stains from the sudden movement of the table by her. On the bed, the jackets- still cold from the dead night outside- lie crumpled in heaps. Soon, she will put them in the washer- but shell only put one of the jackets in the washer. The other will go up in flames. 

The mugs on the table are in the air, coffee spilling in the air from one and tea from the other. They will crash to the floor, and nobody will think any more of them for a while (until he leaves, anyway) because the floor is carpet- carpet bought for five dollars during a Black Friday sale in Target too long ago. If you ask her, shed mention the coupon itself, telling you about the designs, colors, fall leaves on the sheet of paper. If you ask him, hed maybe cry a bit, and then tell you that he always liked the carpet (very much, he would probably repeat repetitively). If you press him, he wont say. Youll never know. Maybe someday someone will write a book about it, or if a hired killer comes and waterboards him- that day, maybe youd know. But until then, you can only guess.

Quarters on the dresser by the door to the bathroom sit, unmoved. Maybe because the cars not been needed for too long. Maybe because ever since the kid left (they like euphemisms) the cars not needed any more. But he will take them again when she starts for the door. He will flail his arms, then- in a gesture that would otherwise be seen as comedic (if it wasnt for the circumstances)- sputter the starts of many a phrases no one will know the contents of. Shell stand there, confused for a bit. Then hed pocket the quarters. You wont find parking.

And so what?

You need the car.

I can walk.

Its freezing outside.

Doesnt matter.

You need the parking.

Why?

Because-

And she will cut him off, and the neighbors will care again because they are screaming and yelling and crying. The old man will stand up, but his wife will place a hand on his thigh, telling him that apathy is a virtue.

But theyre arguing again.

So does everyone, Henry. So does everyone.

Then he will spin around, hit the hand off of him.

Im going there. I want to help.

Henry, please.

Ill be doing the right thing.

And that will go on for a while, while she is dragging the little suitcase filled with all of her belongings and all of his regrets- regrets he didnt do more, regrets he wasnt more, regrets that he spent too much time hoping for the past and feeling guilty for the future. She will scream:

Let go.

And he will scream back:

No. I dont want to.

And what about me? What if I want to let go?

I know whats best for you. Come back.

And then she will try to walk away again (like they do in the movies but see the thing is life isnt a movie- she realized this too late), and he will try to hold on, and when he can feel the grip of the little suitcase dropping away from him hell cry:

No.

And shell just smirk a bit, and pull, and, with a yell, crash into the door. 

The college student named Sam (they never knew if they were a girl or a boy) upstairs will finally realize some shit is going on downstairs, and she will put on a coat.

Stay, shell say to the Retriever in the same place as the heater in the room downstairs- the same thing hell say to her when Sam starts to go downstairs. 

And she will look at him, and she will blink twice, and he will make his eyes go down to the floor, to the #1 DAD mug lying (where the coffee is still slightly oozing out), and shell say in a very quiet voice:

Ive stayed for too long. Waited for too long. I thought Id love you, but you snagged, caught too hard on me. Now I know, though. Now I know that the best thing is to leave, to let go. Take the hands off, take your mind off of me. Start the clock anew. 

With that, she will turn around again, put on the scarf (that beautiful scarf), put on the hat (that beautiful hat), tie together the laces of those shoes (those beautiful shoes), take the keys (of that beautiful car which belonged to those two that never were but thought that they were).

When she turned around to say goodbye, she thought shed say something poetic, something to tie together the whole affair, a satisfying ending. But she saw him staring at nothing, his legs in awkward positions, the seeping coffee inching closer and closer to his feet. 

And so she simply said as her last words to him:

Let.

The draft came in for a few seconds when she opened the door- it was a windy night. As she exited the apartment, she spotted the college student rushing in from the right from where the elevator was. If she was in a more stable state of mind shed have asked him (or her? She still couldnt tell) why they took the elevator. But she didnt. She just looked at them for a second, then went on her way. 

The knock will come quiet at first, then, when the response doesnt come immediately, louder the second, third, fourth time. On the fifth time he will let out a semi-audible grunt, and Sam will turn the doorknob and see (unsurprisingly) that it is unlocked. Sam will open the door, and he will turn to look at Sam.

The room was never really warm to begin with, and now the wind outside howls stronger than ever, blowing (oh so hard) into the room, hitting him in the face (oh so hard) with its (oh so hard) presence. He stands up and closes his eyes, feeling the coldness enter him, feeling his insides turn all frozen from the blackness outside. 

When he opens his eyes, Sam is gone. The door hangs open, ajar, and outside he can see the night is over and the sky is lighting up from the rising sun. He looks down at himself and tries to recall, tries to feel- but he is too numb to be human anymore. 

Taking in a deep, deep breath, he walks towards the door, caressing the coldness, happy in his apathy. So many paths, but so little time to waste over them. 

Soon, hell exit the apartment, and hell wake up, feeling the empty spaces of a clean bed beside him. 
