
[Part 1](https://www.reddit.com/r/shortstories/comments/46dk03/mfparadisesjumakoi/)
[Part 2](https://www.reddit.com/r/shortstories/comments/47cls8/mfparadiseatesoja/)

It was brisk during the festival. I see the lake before me, dotted with little islands every few hundred feet, scattering its volume. A cool breeze blows over as military aircraft catch my gaze as they drone over in the distance. The sound of laughter from the villagers, husbands, wives, children, friends, and the sound of the birds calling from the shallows fill the soothing air. The trees far off behind me are lush and tranquil. A soft wispy rain carries with it a divine glow that nourishes everything it touches, marinating the ecosystem with life.


I smell the rain, the water and the aromas of various foods being prepared. I see and hear the waves serenading my world further as the festivities on the shoreline and within the village are continuous and always grand. Most times are like this. This is my world; calm, whole, and true. I say time for there arent days or nights here, only a light in the skies that travel with the geothermal winds. Its a soothing spectacle of light, likened as the dawns of Earth from those whove experienced Earths beauty. Here its always dawn it seems, always a new beginning, always a soft light of hope dividing the darkness of space from the surface. 

There is no rush of day, no rush for rest, no ulterior routine. It is always cool, especially by water fronts and the waves remind me to forget the memories that frequently drag me down to the fiery past that plagued this world. We all share memories that mark our senses and dreams vividly. She is next to me. Weve known each other ever since we could speak. She is watching the water as she digs her feet into the gravely sand whilst enjoying her favorite pie as she always does. She is warm, wholesome, pure and hardy as everyone is here. These times will never replace the old memories, but they will fill the remaining void with their songs so our hearts in dark moments will fall softly into the paradise within our paradise.
