This story is an attempt at a slightly different writing style while also being somewhat connected to another story I posted, Manifesto of a Madman. Leave a comment and let me know what you think!

---------------------------

June 17th, 2031

About five years ago, a virus swept across the planet. A madman bioengineered the Bubonic Plague to have a near perfect kill rate while gathering those immune to it into an underground facility somewhere in Iowa. I know this because I was one of the chosen few.

I never agreed with his plan of building a utopia around death and when he began speaking as though he was going to be a god, I had to do something. I leaked the location of his base and the tattered remnants of humanity steeled themselves and flushed them out, slaughtering the zealous immune before succumbing themselves to the disease.

I am the last man alive.

I didn't consider my actions at the time. Was it my place to doom humanity? The plague was released, there was no stopping it. Who was I to decide the immune should die with the rest? This question keeps me up at night until my regrets are drowned by my tears and sleep finds me. That's why I'm writing this journal. I know nobody will read it, but I'm hoping it will help me keep some semblance of mental stability and humanity, to separate me from the animals that were unaffected by the disease.

In the last five years a new generation of fauna has bloomed and being so young, is unaware of what humans did to their ancestors. Thus, they treat me like any other animal. Without fear or apprehension. Every time I must kill a deer to eat, I imagine the sad look on it's face as it bleeds out to be a metaphor for my betrayal of the would be survivors of humanity. I've eaten many a tear stained deer steak.

June 18th, 2031

There are survivors here! I haven't met them, but someone knocked at the door while I was reading! I thought I had finally snapped until I opened it and saw a note on the doorstep! It read "are you sane? Check yes or no in the boxes below and leave the note. I'll return soon to collect it." And there was two boxes on the bottom. It reminded me of the notes that used to be passed in elementary school when a child would ask if someone liked them. I never got one when I was younger but this is far better than some eight year old bullshit relationship!

Obviously I checked "yes" and left the note as instructed. I've never been so excited in my life! I have a million questions running through my head!

Is it a man or a woman? Do they belong to a group or are they alone like me? What events led to their survival? Time will tell, but tonight I'm staying up and looking outside my window to catch a glimpse at this person.

June 19th 2031

I stayed up all night and no one came, but they must have noticed me as when I fell asleep in the morning, I was awakened some time later to another knock. I immediately looked out my window but saw nothing. Perhaps they had snuck around underneath my second story window as a new note was in its place, stating "forgive my skepticism as I've met people making the same claim only to find that the hardships of solitude have done irreparable damage. Continue on with your daily life, I'll be watching and gauging your sanity."

Kind of a strange statement, but I can understand the apprehension. I'm confused about the part where they say "I've met people making the same claim." Where are these people? I've searched everywhere in the city and haven't seen a single survivor. A traveler, perhaps? Yet another question to add to the list.

June 22nd 2031

I haven't written for a few days as nothing eventful has happened until now. I awoke to a new note that read "I judge you acceptable. We can meet tomorrow, at the old carnival grounds. Go to the entrance, I'll see you there at noon."

Finally! A chance to speak to a living person! I can have a conversation with someone more talkative than my shadow! It's an early night tonight, I want noon to come as quickly as possible!

June 23rd 2031

Nothing. There was no one there. I got to the entrance and there was a trail of boards with spray paint directing me to the house of mirrors. What are they hoping to gain from lying to me? I'll leave a note tonight asking why, but I don't expect a reply.

I guess I shouldn't be so upset. I spent the last five years without companionship and I was prepared to live the rest of my days alone. I'm still holding out hope though, there must be a logical explanation.

Maybe a bath will help clear my head. I'll go all out to heat the water and use some of the soap I've been saving. Maybe it'll get rid of this strange black stain on my hand.

June 25th 2031

I got a reply... "I was there. I'm always there. I am you. We are we. Kindred spirits sharing a soul cracked under solitude. We trade time and space now as we always have. The silence has grown and now you listen, finally." This is insane! This person is crazy and I have to cut ties somehow.

June 25th 2031

I'm not crazy. This is how it's always been. I read your journal, I know how much hope you had in our union and yet now, you refuse to see the truth. You can't cut ties with me any more than you can cut ties with your own heart. We're the same person and we'll be together until the day you die. I'll see you soon.

June 26th 2031

You need to leave me alone! I don't know how you got in and wrote in my journal, but you need to go away! I'd rather be alone, this is insane!

June 26th 2031

You don't have a choice anymore. You refused to get help ten years ago and now you're stuck with yourself. Myself. Ourself.

June 27th 2031

Ten years ago... I was sent to an asylum but they never told me why. I refused to accept help because nothing was wrong with me, but now... I see what others saw.

He's inside of me... I need to end this. They used to cut sections out of insane people's brains to cure illness, it's my only choice.

Joon 29

Cut out. Feeeel MT. Hapy alown!

June 29th 2031

You missed me.

-------------------------

The inspiration for the story was somethin I read once called "the shortest horror story in the world". The last man on earth sits alone in a room. There's a knock at the door. After reading that, my mind desperately wanted closure, lol