A full moon layed in the distance as james walked through the wild tundra. Everything illumantaed off the snow and a nearby lake for miles . The randomness of how james got to this place was very much random. Lets call it as it was james was some how teleported here through some back channel through the stratosphere. James looked up to the sky and saw beeming kem trails, neons in every colour imaganable. What were these strange lights doing their. WAs their an airfield near by? 

James lisended while walking around the lake for any sounds that would point him to the possible airfield. All of a sudden a loud booming sound was herd in the distance. It sounded like a jet plane which would explain the kem trails in the air. James kept walking towards the noise but it all of sudden became dead queit. What were these sounds and how did i get here james said to himself.

After walking for a mile down a river james looked up and saw what apered to be a plane or helicopter but their was no noise. What in the fuck was going on. The object got closer and closer to james and landed a few feet away. He walked up to the strange lets call it a UFO and shouted can someone help me get back to where ever i was. No reply, so james walked around the UFO trying to make sense of what he was seeing. Nothing made sense this veichle was no plane or helicopter. But what was it. He would never find out. 

James pleaded with the object to let him in. no awnser. than as soon as he started to walk back to the lake. the UFo lifted into the sky and let out a supersonic boom and a purple and gold beam downdward knocking james on the snow. He layed their unconcious trying to get back to his feet. But James wasnt going anywhere the blurred vision and dead legs left him lying in the freezing snow. Fuzzy and unaware of what happened all James could do think to do was pray.

All of a sudden along came a grizzly bear snarling and screaming a horrible sound. The Grizzly picked up james with his paws and threw him into the purple and gold beam, which he stuck to like fly paper fly. James yelled out loud as he regained consciousness. He looked up at the UFo and down to the Grizzly than poof. James was courtsdie at a Lakers Grizzlies game in Los Memphis.

The End

My first short story. Sorry if the spelling is bad I did this on a memo in android and dont currently own Microsoft office. 