DISCLAIMER: This one has some pretty dark things happen near the end, so I feel it's necessary to give everyone fair warning. I won't say what because I want it to be a surprise, so if you've had any traumatic experiences that could be dug up, it might be best to pass this over. I'm sorry if you read this thinking you're ok but it turns out you're not, but you got fair warning. That being said, enjoy the story!

----------

"It's Christmas Eve, Kevin! What did you want Santa to bring you??!" Kevin's mom asked, attempting to stir some excitement into her son's recently deflated demeanour. She wasn't expecting such a dark response.

"I want Santa to tell the dark woman to leave me alone..." Kevin says. His mom was shocked, unsure of how to approach the disturbing statement. She squats down so her face is level with her five year old son.

"W-what are you talking about, Kevin?" She stutters. She's always been the superstitious type and was genuinely concerned. She didn't want her son seeing things he wasn't old enough to understand. She brushed her hair from her face and took his hands in hers. "Who's the dark woman? What does she do?"

"Not much, just stands there looking at me. She has long hair and is holding a big, square thing. She doesn't say anything, just looks for a while and leaves." Kevin explains. Tasha struggles to accept what he's describing, and is more than a little worried about the implications.

"Tell you what: it's getting late. You go to bed and sleep while Santa comes, and I'll stand outside your door until he shows up to make sure she doesn't come in. I'll ask him to talk to the woman and everything will be back to normal in the morning. Deal?" She says, hoping it will be enough to make him go to bed so she can begin to deal with the situation.

"But I'm hungry... Weren't we gonna have dinner first? And where's dad? I have to say goodnight to him!" The child says, his mind taken off the spectre temporarily. For a moment, she sees the light in his face that he's held for the last year since he grew up to a point where he didn't need to be constantly watched. It made Tasha sad, reminiscing of a time that cannot be relived.

"Hon, it's Christmas! We never eat dinner on Christmas Eve so we can let Santa come sooner! He's got a lot of work to do tonight, we can't make him wait! Daddy is already in bed for that exact reason!" She hated lying to her son, but she had to start as quickly as possible if she wanted any hope of a quick and peaceful outcome.

"That makes sense. Ok! I can do it myself, you just wait by my room, ok?" The boy says, eager to show how quickly he's growing up. A tear wells up in Tasha's eye as she nods her head and he runs off to brush his teeth.

A few minutes later, Kevin was all tucked into bed and ready to wake up  to who knows how many presents. His parents were very good at hiding them this year, and there's nothing under the tree for him to poke and prod at. His mother came in with a warm smile and a tender kiss on his forehead. "You know you're the most important thing in my life, right? Everything I do is for you. I love you more than anything."

"Even dad??" He replied with a smile. Tasha nodded and turned to leave. Just before she shut off the lights, she turned and blew him a kiss. Kevin giggles and says "I love you too." And turned to go to sleep.

About two hours passed and Tasha polished off her bottle of wine. She stumbled as she gets out of her chair, sober enough to act but drunk enough to solidify her convictions. She staggered over to the closet and opened it, running on autopilot as she has for the last week or so.

Before entering the room, she stopped to reconsider for a moment. "Is this really a good idea?" She thought to herself. "Is there no other option?"

She realized it's too late to change her mind and forced herself to continue. After spending a moment to compose herself, she opened the door.

There he laid. Her only son and her only joy in life. "It's a shame his father is so useless, forcing my hand," she thought to herself. She took three steps closer and was hovering over his bed, gripping the pillow as she had for the past two weeks. She heard Kevin stirring and for the first time, he sat up to confront her.

"You're back... Santa hasn't come yet?" He said sleepily, rubbing his eyes. Tears streamed down Tasha's face as the hope that this would be quick died.

"No, Kevin... Santa isn't coming this year."

The light from the hallway illuminated his young face, his innocence held on through his look of confusion. "Mommy?"

At the end of her short rope, Tasha whispered "I'm sorry..." And thrust the pillow at his face, pinning him to his bed. He instantly started to panic, unaware of what was happening.

Four minutes. That's how long it took for him to stop fighting. Four of the longest, most painful minutes of Tasha's twenty one years of life. More difficult than giving birth. More difficult than watching her husband bleed away the small savings they had gathered over 3 years of marriage.

More difficult then stabbing her husband in their bed after he spent their Christmas money at the racetrack.

After checking Kevin's pulse to ensure his heart had stopped, she quickly and calmly walked to her bedroom. Entering, she saw it was just how she left it: husband on the bed, blood soaked blanket covering him. Torn racetrack ticket that was apparently worth more than giving their son the Christmas he deserved.

Noose hanging in the closet above a chair.

As Tasha stepped onto the chair, she couldn't stop thinking about the last sober thing she said to her son: "everything I do, I do for you. I love you more than anything." And with that, the chair hit the ground with a dull thud. The only remaining sound was the crossbar in the closet slightly creaking under the increased weight.

--------

And that's that. I tried a little harder this time to foreshadow things while keeping what actually happens a mystery. Make it the kind of thing where when you read it again, you notice stuff you didnt before. My gf thought it was actually gonna be a ghost, and that's what I was going for, lol. Anyone else fooled, at least for a little bit? As always, be brutally honest! If it's total shit, let me know!