I was a huge animal lover growing up. Birds of prey, specifically eagles, were always my favorite.
I would go to the zoo every chance I got, at least once a week, and I'd go visit the eagle enclosure. Before long all the trainers knew me by name, and they even let me in and let me hold one of the bald eagles they had, named Scout.

After a while, they started letting me in there regularly, and Scout grew to trust me enough that he'd come right up to me when I walked in. 
But after a few weeks of regular visits, I noticed Scout acting strangely. He couldn't keep his balance very well, he wouldn't eat hardly at all, and I also noticed the back of his neck started to break out in this weird rash. 
I asked the trainers and they told me it was fine, it was just a reaction to a change in food at the zoo.

A few days later, I came in and Scout wasn't there. I asked where he was, and they said he was in for a regular checkup. I left and just figured I came in on a bad day.
I came in the next week to the same thing. All the eagles were there except Scout.
I asked another trainer, and he gave me the same excuse. "He's in for a regular checkup".

Something wasn't right here. I had no idea what was happening, but I was going to find out.
I came in the next day, a little later than usual, toward the end of the day. I hid behind some stuff, enough to be out of sight from the workers, and waited for everyone to leave.

I'd been around enough that they all trusted me, so I've been in the back round plenty, I've seen them put in the code to the door probably over a hundred times. I punched in the code, and made my way to where they kept the eagles, and looked for Scout's cage. It didn't take me long to find his cage, it smelled like death, I could hardly breathe while I was close to it.
I finally found him, and he looked terrible. His eyes were blood red, the rash on his neck was even worse than before, and he could barely stand straight.

I felt he needed out of that cramped cage, with all the droppings and his half-eaten food starting to rot, and he needed it badly.
I searched the room for some spare keys to the cages, and after a few minutes I found some. I went to his cage and turned the key in the lock. As soon as he heard the click, his head turned and he looked straight at me.
I slowly opened the cage, then he burst out and started flying all around the enclosure.

I sat and watched him for a few minutes, free and majestic, before I noticed red and blue flashes in the windows. I didn't even think there might've been an alarm, but I must've tripped it when I opened Scout's cage.
A few seconds after I noticed the lights, a heard a loud crash as someone broke down the door to the building. I saw about a dozen men with body armor and guns burst in, I saw a big "S.W.A.T." on all their chests, and I was scared to death as they leveled their guns at me.

They kept screaming at me to get down and put my hands up, so I did. I got on my knees and put my hands up, and two of them came up to me to handcuff me. Right as they approached me, Scout came out of nowhere and swooped down on top of the two headed toward me, knocking them down.

I looked at him add he flew toward the others, and I watched as they all opened fire and shot him down.

He landed a few feet in front of me, and I ran to him with tears in my eyes, screaming his name and holding him as the others ran at me to arrest me. I screamed at them and asked why they had to kill him. He simply responded, "for the same reason we're arresting you".

I asked what that was supposed to mean, and he looked me in the eyes and said "you were participating in ill eagle activities".