Universe Calling

by  Jonathan F
copyright 2015

	

	




	Again, that sound, like a tree branch on the door.  Someone scraping their fingernails across, down and around it rather than knocking.
	Not NOW, he said more forcefully, as full breathed as he could manage. Get away from my goddamn door or Ill have you thrown out of the building.
	He did briefly wonder about the extra resonance, the odd appearance of his voice coming through the door from that unusual position;  back pressed up against it, voice so near yet projecting away from it.
	Patience was in short supply in this scenario.  An impromptu and less delicate satisfying of need this time but it had been too long and he did what he had to do.  To survive.  To maintain focus, and sanity.  Because he was who he was and that came with certain benefits.  And why not? Where was the true harm?   His star presence always a blessing.
	She was somewhat petite which was not quite usually his type but in this instance was nearly perfect for the situation.  He had requested her presence in his dressing room to discuss her bit part, her inflection;  her talent and her future.  The flattery of his attention widened her eyes, contracted her stuttering lips.   When he cracked the door open three inches, letting her in after determining she was alone in the hallway, it had been a short, strong movement of grab and shove surprise, the most effective weapon of all, he knew from experience and her second shock, after feeling his male strength taking her head by force, was seeing his indecent beast, with its discolored and baggy foreskin, released from its cage; at full mast, and pointing  at her.
	You like that? had been the rhetorical question.  Then, Open.  Open it. Do it. You know what to do you little piece of trash or so help me 
	He had kept that strong grip upon her the whole time, hoisting and shoving her up and down, up and down like some sort of cycling piston.  His eyes, that soulless shark glare, alternating between pressing their dead hungry weight upon her and taking in the big scene playing out in the dressing mirror behind her crouched figure, long kinky hair clutched so forcefully in his own hand, the thrill of witnessing his own needs being serviced, and her bright yellow blouse which would sadly have to remain on her chocolate-skinned body given the expedited nature of their little tryst.   
	Scratch scratch.  It was that damned knocking again.  Universe, calling, the oddly airy voice, again emanating from  the honey-stained oak of the door panels. 
	Universe calling. The phrase echoed through the gathered memories of his thrill collection.  Had he heard it before?  It was so familiar.  Recently?  Or maybe each and every time as some type of white background noise?   That was impossible though. Certainly such an oddity would have impressed itself upon him;  he remembered every detail of every one of the dozens of blessed conquests with whom he had dallied.  The specific tincture of their perfume bouquet, the delicate cross of a short-skirted, long pair of legs seated across the couch beside him. The curve of a nose, the flirtatious but reticent mascara brushed eye lashes; that last look of confusion before they lost consciousness.   But that two word phrase, when had it insinuated itself into each and every one of his lustful, semen-stained memories?  It had never been there before yet he could sense its presence now, a caption, on every single one.
	He ignored the voice this timethis was no time for interruptionsbut whatever bitch was daring to intrude on his time would be ruined.  Discarded.  Finished.  He would make sure of it.
	The moment of bliss was nearly upon them, both. Sheila, he thought perhaps her name was.  This, of course, was the highlight of the whole adventure and one, to be sure, that she would never forget.  She would, this Sheila or Shirley, perhaps, she would get the full porn star treatment and deep down, beyond, behind and beneath all of the demure little repressions and  sexual denials that she had they all did, all the good girls  she would always treasure the time that the world famous performer had blessed her with his presence.
	Alright, he commanded, nearly breathlessly.  Yanking her head up and off with his left hand while his right jumped in to take control of the moment.
	A few glorious moments of ecstasy then, as he painted her face, her kinky hair, with his most secret brilliance.
	She arose, filthy with it, gasping, tears streaming, eyes reeling with the story of one unable to fully grasp what has just happened.   He picked up one, two, three whispers of white tissue from the box on the dresser behind her.
	Youve been blessed.  The cruel glint in his eye.   Now clean yourself up.  Youre a fucking mess, as he began the brief process of camaflouging himself, putting it all back together.  Vibrant yellow and red-swirled silk shirt,  boxer shorts, zipper, face.  
	Checking her face and hair briefly for any ready signs of their tryst, he said the last words he would ever say to her.  Go.  Get out.  And keep your mouth shut.  You should be good at that.
	She staggered up the hallway, leaning against the fibrous wallpaper for a time to regather strength and breathe through the heaving nausea gathering within.  Monsters roam the earth, the phrase that took hold as she ran up this hallway, left and then down the staff hallway to the right to the staff bathroom.   Monsters are real and they roam among us.

											
	It had taken about thirty seconds for him to remember, after the young actress had taken her pink and glassy-eyed refuge from his dressing room, the interruption that had so recently trespassed on him  outside that very door.  Double-checking the zipper and front of his black wide-wale corduroy crotch one more time first, he yanked the door open, looking for the doomed, foolish woman who had uttered that bizarre phrase, who had interrupted him not once but twice.  She would pay hell, one way or another.  
	No one there.  Across from the door, the same as always bland archival photographs lining the wall  white actors and actresses named  Liz, Robert, Preston, Laurence, Sid who had passed through these hallowed, puce green halls before him stock, show biz head shots.  The plush dark forest green carpeting that he had insisted be installed over the previous tan and less indulgent one.  The next dressing room door of his female costar not for another  twenty feet down to the right.
	And then there she was, the knocker.  She had not been there the first time he had glanced.  He was sure of it.  And he had no true way of proving that it was, in fact, her.  Yet he did know.   It had to be her. She had that unmistakable air of one who would do just what she had done.  A high-chested, leotard and sash-wearing, soft-spoken yet obvious confidence, he could tell by the way she stood there, staring so directly at him with her raven-haired beauty.  The vision of the word Universe and the sash itself was clear as a bell yet, when he made himself truly focus on that central part of her, was just his ever-toiling imagination. No pageant refugee here.
	You, he called out.  Young lady. Just what in the world is it, that you think you are doing?
	I? the white robed figure replied,  with nary a quizzical twist of the head, dark eyes taking him in.  I believe that is what I have come to discover of you.  What it is that you think you are doing.
	He paused to reflect on her words, her unusual accent.   He gazed upon this finely draped robing and realized, not for the first time, that perhaps his hungry impatience had led him to draft the wrong extra to be his sex toy.
	What are you dressed for, girl? Which set did you come from?  Definitely not mine, looking like that.
	Her long unusually long bare, unmanicured feet were visible beneath the hem of her robe.  A bit of a turn off, feet that big. Her bronze-hued neck and small triangle of revealed nape and upper chest also bare.  For all he knew or could tell, perhaps there was naught beneath her robe but her dark, smooth flesh, her gloriously secret, short, fragrant, curly hairs.
	She moved closer to him now, gliding as down-flowing water does over smooth brook rocks.  Hair billowing all about her head, moving in some breeze he himself could not quite feel. He had the strong sense of a crown upon her head, such was the high carriage and poise of her bearing.  She could have been hired to play Lady Liberty, perhaps, with a spiked head piece upon her.
	Perhaps youd like to come into my dressing room, for a drink, he suggested, marveling at his own virility. Was he really ready again so soon?  He would have to be for this one.  Those wide, wondering eyes, the plumpness of her lips.  Something about the mystery beneath that draping robe.  It was a mystery, a gift, that he simply had to solve. 
	 He had been offering drinks, drinks with a twist, to strange women for years.  Women passing through his circle, women indirectly in his employ, women who had served him his drink in a hotel bar. It mattered not, the specific details.  They were but miniscule dinghies sailing through his bustling harbor and he the harbor master. They would give him what he desired of them, each and every one, each and every time;  he would have his due. 
	Fanfarkelfuktastic.
	There was always a made up word sprung into his mind at this moment. The pre-coital word fuck. Some unique verbal marker his comically-gifted brain could not help but spew forth, and he had come to greatly look forward to these creations almost as much as what happened after the girls lost consciousness.  It was rather embarrassing, in point of truth, someone of his stature getting off on nonsense words.  But who would ever be the wiser.  Little Shirleys had been Shoogstafellatiomatic, like some sort of gansta rap blowjobber.  Last week in his hotel room uptown, that stupid little twat of a fashion modelHella, supposedly her professional nameshe whod woken up too early and started freaking out and calling him all varieties of bad name,  his initial moniker for her, MacTwigenstein,  had not been all that far off.  An odd little monster.  Some regret there in the end a dubious choice.
	His favorite creation though, not to be confused with his favorite lay, but his most inspired precoital word fuck had been, back in 98, murmantsacal-fontasteical-pussminey.  If they only knew the ingenious creation each and every one of them had inspired in him, the women. They would walk away with an even more full appreciation for the brilliance of the whole experience. If he could share these magical creations with the world so much better, more real, more alive than that shit he had created for those   Drawing Pages TV filler bits, or even his own cartoon or award winning comedy show
	Fanfarkelfuktastic,  the tall vision before him stated.
	What?! he squinted his eyes at her as she drew in closer.  How
	The closest thing to a smile that she had yet shown him drew across her lips.  This carpeting is lush and wonderfully fake in its forest greenness.  But I am ready to try this drink now.  Sir, if you please.
	He took a step back, allowing her more room to pass into his doorway. A small grin on his own lips, brown eyes beginning to sway and wiggle in the thrill of it. This one wants it. But wait, how the fuck
	You are the one, she inquired, turning back to face him who enjoys to say you are the cauzin of it all? I first must be certain.
	He gazed upon her, freckled skin scrunched into a mask of skepticism and distrust.
	Now how would you
	I see it is true then. Please come into room with me and close door.  She had already helped herself to his dressing table chair. His thoughts had held him up at the doorway for a moment or two.  What was that wonderful accent?  So innocent, so unassuming and sexy.  Philippino? Japanese? Puerto Rican? Slavic?  It could be any of them.  All of them.  The inflections, the irregular syllabic dynamics.
	Where are you from, young lady?
	She smiled, ruby lips over ivory teeth.  I am from everywhere and then nowhere.  All around you.  Drink now please.
	He turned over two inverted rocks glasses from the corner of his sparsely furnished dresser top. Scooped them each into the vinyl-lined ice bucket that his assistant, Manny,  had left in there some ninety minutes ago when he had still been practicing lines on set.   The pills were in a pouch in the back right corner of the top drawer.  He was not accustomed to having to sneak his magic mickeys into the girls drinks at such close proximity.  Yet she was different. She had sought him out.  Almost like she wanted him to do it.   The very thought of that, of a vibrant young woman wanting to be knocked out and taken by him  The fabric of the front panel of his boxer shorts began shifting dramatically in a mere three seconds.  Should he just bring the pill out and wave it in front of her??  He gasped for the breath he had just lost as his heart, spleen and solar plexus shifted within the thought of this astronomical realignment.  A total eclipse of  desire and opportunity.
	Ive got something I think you might like to see. He handed her her special cocktailwhiskey, rocks, with a tranq twist. 
	She rose from her seat, reached a hand into the fold of her cloak, waist level, drew it back out, swirled her fingers in a slow, graceful arc over the rim of the glass he had positioned near his burgeoning belly.  
	Whaat?...  No.   I thought  Nooo no, the way this works
	That one to drink is yours , this one mine. She retrieved the offered glass from his hand, tipped it back and drained it, ice and all, in a steady gulping stream. Now you drink yours, sir, cauzinofitall.
	He gazed down at the drink in his hand, back up to her face, began to shake his head in disagreement.  
	I dont
	You want to see beneath this robe, you do take your drink.
	He paused, wondering how long it was going to take for the drug to take effect on this strange one.  She was larger than average.  And so odd. Perhaps it would take longer. She thought she was in control.  That feeling would disappear rapidly at any moment.
	So that is the drink, yes.  The famous cocktail.  The tip of her tongue swirled the circuit of her mouth, lips then tapping together rapidlya baby bird digesting a worm. Mm.  I taste, I taste.  Yes.
	What did you put in my glass?
	The magic of the universe.  As you do yet so much different.  And so much for the better of you and the world. You drink,  you discover.
	Who the hell are you? he demanded, cutting edge in his voice.
	Her voice filled the room from top to bottom, side to side;  door to dresser.  I am ShirleySandyJessWandaMariaAnnCherylJulieLisaJoanLingHortenciaMindyAudrey
BernieceYvonneCarolynLynnSamanthaDeniseGinaGingerAltieraWhitneySummerParis
BarbieMollyPeggyJimiJanMeeghanClairPennySalJuanitaPeshtarMaryLeighClarissaDonna
Kate
	He was, despite the litany of history and outrage pouring out before him, lost in the imagery of her being.  Staring upon her as an entomologist microscopes upon a dead Madagascar hissing cockroach. Those feet, her neck nape, there was something somehow off  with that richly bronzed flesh.  A layering, a criss-crossing, poreless cell structure, some 7th graders wood-stained paper mache art craft, molded into place by a careful but still human hand. Almost like layers of dirt
	Something is amiss, he whispered,  mind reeling to catch up.  How many different things in the world, in his world, were wrong right here, right now.
	She laid her hand upon his chest.  DRINK.  The word erupted across the small room, splattering and careening off the ceiling, crackling the wavering wall plaster.
	Without a word or thought, he tipped the glass up to his mouth and spilled the contents into himself. 
	That is very great.  Now, sir, you shall see.
	He drank and his initial thought was of how he finally could see what it had been like to be all of them, drifting under, away, but that was not it. He drank and could feel the world shifting within him, the universe that was his own to perceive, had always been his own, rotating on its own axis to become something else entirely.
  	When the rush and rumble started, his first thought was that his train was here, standing there, darkish underground concrete platform populated with the others, public service announcements checkering the walls, that breeze, the approaching vibrationbut he had not taken a train since 1968.  Literally beneath me.
	There was a rumbling rush but the room was still there and she was still there and when the wind hit full-tilt, that white robe flung open, expanding, billowing, transforming to a free-form sail, no, noa curtain flapping open upon a stage show already in progress.  But, No, the part of him still standing in place protested, that was what he had been waiting for, wasnt it, for that robe to be off that tall stretch of femality?  So where were those high firm tits, the dark triangle of pussy, the long taut fleshy bend of bare hip and thigh?  All of the sex-laden beauty that anyone named fanfarklefuktastic was most always known to have?  
	The curtain flew up and there she was but, then, she was not and his feet were no longer where he had left them.  A shroud of an image, her face, her outlined form fading into a starry night sky, a moon-shaded landscape. That which hed known as brown and ground traversing, and the ankles and shins above itthat tone of latin or middle eastern loverwere piles of earth and mud before him. The flowing hair atop her head was no hair at all night birds and meteors flew at differing depthslight years between them across the darkened horizon.  
	He looked to her center, the dot of her umbilical inversion, to locate the pink-lipped treasure below, the beginning of all life, the focus of his every secret molecule, but her life-force was not compacted, not contained in that small space; it was sprawled and twisted everywhere before him, around him.. around everything.  The slurping of suckling infants roared in one ear, and out the other, millions upon millions, crushing through his eardrums.  Littered across the landscape fiery, smoldering, blood-laden fields and hills were the rapists, the thousands, with their penile weapons drawn, forcing their animal urges,  variably smashing their victims across crumbling cheekbones or slitting arterial life from wilting throats as they pounded and pounded their lust and domination into the loins of the women before them.  He raised both hands to defend himself from the carnage but still it raged on, screaming and tearing with the weight of time and suffering.
	What is this!?  What is happening!?  What have you done to me?! he bellowed from within and without this exploding crimson and orange- hued world, but his words were lost, subsumed in the vastness.
	With a slurping, crescendoing suck, the vision before him collapsed upon itself in a wavering, spiraling flush.
	He stood alone atop an immense expanse of brown field, the dry, dying grasses waving and clicking in leaning swatches, dancing , best they could, to the invisible wind.  (End of excerpt)