I will admit, I was terrified too. Me and a few of my colleagues were in the command tent, which was on a little mound, a bit higher than the rest of the compound, and we could see quite well what was going on. And even though we were some distance from the courtyard, we dared not step out of the tent. We watched in silence. The old man paused. He drifted back into that lost stare, gazing through the fire for a moment. Then he took a deep breath and continued.

I am not exactly sure what happened next. To this day, that moment is still a blur. What I can say for sure, is that in that moment, hell broke loose. 

The way I remember it, a small committee was formed, to approach the beings. The commanding officer, the chief scientist and the chief medical officer started making their way through the soldiers surrounding the creatures. As they did, the creature in the front turned suddenly to face them.

One of the soldiers must have freaked out, because a single shot pierced the silence in the camp. A second of uncertainty lingered in the air, before everyone started shooting. It was chaos. Officers were shouting orders, but no one was listening. All the tension and anxiety was being released at once.

The creatures did not move. However none of the bullets seemed to touch them. All of them disappeared in a ripple of blueish white energy, a few centimeters in front of their bodies. A few seconds later, they picked up the staves and started shooting back. The orb on the top would light up, and then shoot out a ball of blueish energy, that melted everything in its path.

Me and my colleagues ran back inside the tent, terrified. We looked for places to hide, not knowing what else to do. I hid under a desk. I could hear the screams of the people, the rat-tat-tat of the guns, the hum of the alien weapons and the explosions of everything around. It was like a symphony from hell. I couldnt stand it any longer. 

I crawled to the back of the tent, hoping there was some other way out. No way I was going straight into the madness outside. I had to leave that place. I had to get to my family. I found a flap in the back wall of the tent which led to back of the camp, where the civilian vehicles were parked. I ran for it. Two of my colleagues were following, the rest got lost in the madness. We found a car that was unlocked and had the key stashed in the sun visor. Without even looking, we bolted out the main gate, and as far away from that place as we could.

He took the pipe out of his mouth and held it with both hands in his lap. He stared at it for a while, as if everything he just described was happening inside his pipe, and was seeing it all again.

We just ran away he said. His voice was filled with old regret and guilt. The kind you never stop feeling, even 20 years past the event. 

We just ran away, not once thinking of helping anyone. We were cowards. I was a coward. All I could think about was getting out of there, alive, and go back to my family. As we drove away, I looked back at the ship. Thousands of flares were shooting out of it, scattering in all corners of the sky.

It took us about 20 minutes to snap out of our shock. I was driving aimlessly, my mind reeling from what I saw. My two passengers were in no better shape. Eventually we figured we had to come up with a plan of sorts. What to do next. We all wanted to find our families. We decided to drive to town, and then each go on our own way. 

On the way, we turned on the radio. Information from all over the world bombarded us, through the nervous voices of the newscasters, who were clearly just as overwhelmed as everyone else. Reports were describing the beings landing in cities all over the world, and vaporizing people seemingly at random. People began calling them archangels, bringing the apocalypse and judging the sinners. Im not much for religion, but I could understand why people would think that. They did look a little like angels, and what they left behind could easily be called apocalyptic.

---
Part 2 [here](https://redd.it/3uvlf8)

Part 4 [here](https://redd.it/3v636a)