WARNING first time ever writing a short story. Dunno why I got the urge to jot this down but here it goes.

Shells:

   It has always humored me, when people ask to hear a war story. It is always anticipated as a glamorous event, the kind of thing you would see in a movie, or a video game. But for those who lived it, war is always the same. Be it for whatever reason, religion,fighting for "what's right", resources, pure tyranny. It is always the same bullshit. Wasted lives and money. So I will tell you a war story.

  We were not far into the war, hell it didn't seem to be a war, more of a massacre with how the technology hit us. It was like a jump into the future. There was nothing we could do it seemed. I was deployed, in charge of my own squad even, to investigate a major city. See this city was huge, neon lights for days, bright and when populated a bustling attraction. We could see it brighten the night like a christmas tree, and that was the problem, we have not heard of any major cities still powered.

  Not even five minutes after entering this city, it goes dark. If that doesn't scream trap I don't know what does. But then we had Evans, young guy, just tossed onto the squad who you can clearly tell most of his training was the newest shooter game. Now I don't like to use names or even at the time get too close with those met during the war. It seemed to be a common occurrence to meet a genuinely great person, and 12 hours later they are a stain on a wall. But I digress. Town goes dark, and here Evans is, "Well shit, can I go home?", always with the smart ass remarks this guy. But I swear to god if it was not for his remarks sometimes, I would have shot myself numerous times.

 Now I am trailing off again. We hit what you would consider the "town square" I guess. Basically surrounded by tall building with the perfect place to ambush us. What can I say, we were very stupid in the early days. No sign of opposition, no sign of civilians, nothing. Beyond strange we thought. But of course like every cliche that's when it happened. At first we just heard it, the high pitched squeal, the sound of the hydraulics, sounds so strange to us yet mesmerizing like a classical tune. This was the first time we ever saw one in person, It swept out from behind the largest building, at first you could only see the "eyes". But when your brain focused in on what you were actually seeing, well that's when you know it's over. It towered over us,  aimed its rifle directly at the squad. The said rifle, could have turned the squad and whatever around us into a smouldering pile of goo with one shot. There was no official name for these things at the time. Some liked to call them walkers, titans, suits, whatever nickname they had did not matter. They were giant fucking robots. The shit out of a saturday morning cartoon, and until this particular day we had no idea how they worked.

 All of us were frozen, we knew it, we were dead. But then it happened, there was Evans. "Have a hot dog tubby!" as he shot off a rocket. For one I have no idea where the hell that statement came from. Maybe he wanted to go out in comedic style? Second, I am glad they approved his request to carry a fucking RPG. I don't know if the moon was aligned right, or he had some god given gift of aim, but he hit that thing right in the "eyes". Was not until later we determined the eyes acted as main camera for the cockpit. Anyway, this thing got "staggered" it seemed. Tumbling backwards just enough to clip a building and topple over. At which we saw a pod launch out from the "chest" and vanish from sight. Then we marveled at it for a bit, laying motionless, as if a god had just taken its final breath. 

 That was it, I know, anticlimactic right? The "excitement" happening in a span of maybe 15 seconds. Now this is probably the part where you expect me to tell you that that was a turning point, that we recovered the unit, reverse engineered it and turned the tides of war and brought on world peace. Hell, it was not even a microscopic scratch to the surface of bullshit this war was.