
	I unwrap the small piece of foil, carefully exposing the two tabs of LSD Id picked up earlier that day. It was my first time. In the dim light of the bathroom, trembling with anticipation, I slowly pick each one up and place them on my tongue.
	
If its bitter- its a spitter! Despite knowing the tabs were legit, the old adage warning about NBOMe flashes into my mind. See thats the problem with buying drugs. The only way theyre sold is with some amount of uneasy trust between buyer and seller: that neither will rob the other, kill the other, and each will hold up their side of the bargain, namely, buying with legal tender, and actually selling whats advertised.
	
Its actually kind of similar to buying something legally, except if someone rips the other off, youre going to either accept being screwed, or youre going to retaliate. Of course, you cant start an arbitration process or sue them or whatever, so you can either cut them off or get back through violent means. But that kind of thing is usually reserved for the harder drugs, I aint really into that shit.
	
I got these from an 18-year Puerto Rican kid that Id smoked with a couple of times. We make our exchange through a handshake in the hallway; I couldnt help but think it was bizarre that we completed and finalized the transaction the same way one might buy a car. Except that if the law knew what was happening here, theyd cuff us both and throw us in the back of a cruiser before locking us up under some outdated drug laws, under some sort of pretense that doing so would keep the community safe. Actually, Im white, so Id definitely get less time than the other guy. 
	
But whatever I gotta get back to class. I go to wash my hands in the sink but when I turn it on, I get only a sad trickle of water; it takes me five minutes to wash off the soap. I pull down the lever on the paper towel machine, and nothing comes out. I go over to the hand dryer, it doesnt turn on. Now I have to dry my hands off with toilet paper. God I hate this school.
	
Theres 30 minutes left in spanish class, 30 minutes left until the end of the day. Of course, I hate my spanish teacher, so it feels like Im trapped in the Hanoi Hilton, each second is another tally mark I scratch on the wall to keep my sanity, hoping that someday I can finally leave. Hearing the bell ring at was a godsend.
	
Its 1:54, schools out. I throw all my shit in my bag and try to keep from sprinting out the door. Then I hear a familiar voice behind me. Its Jackson. Hes on my track team. Id say were friendly acquaintances. 
	
Hey Phoenix, you ready for the track meet today?. Damn, I forgot. He says it with a smirk, 25% ridicule, 75% comradeship. I suck at running; we both have ambivalence towards track and the coaches. Running is something I dont think anyone can actually like. I think when people say they like running, Im pretty sure they mean they like the feeling they get when their brain gets endorphins or whatever after the run, the ones they get to counteract the misery of 20 or more minutes of continuous jogging.
	
Yup, of fucking course.
	We walk down the hallways towards the gym, and into the locker room. It looks like a place where shit goes down. The fluorescent tubes on the ceiling cast a dim, but still harsh glow I can only describe as rapey. The lockers on the walls are a mismatch of different sizes, some painted gray, others, blue, with coatings of rust on the hinges and where the paint has chipped. The wooden benches are discolored, the floor is dirty, and the stink of piss is ever-present in ones nostrils. 
	
I pull my track uniform out of my bag and put it on. It hasnt fully dried since I washed it last night, so Im left with this unpleasant wetness surrounding my torso. Luckily, the spandex I wear saves my balls from the same watery fate.
	
My normal clothes go back on over my uniform; the bus to the meet doesnt leave until 4:30. Having nothing to do, I decide to just walk around the middle of the school in the hallways around the gym for a while. Then I start to come up.
	
The shift in perception is so slight I dont even notice it. That is until the walls start to move, ever so slightly. They shift, they breathe, in, and out, ever...so...slowly. I slow down and look at the lockers.They were blue before, but now, theyre more blue, a better blue. Its not so much a different color, rather, its an intense version of what I see when Im not tripping balls.
	I continue walking around and around and around the block of lockers. Every time I pass the camera I look at it, every time, I think Holy shit this acid is good, can the camera tell Im frying?, and every time I keep walking to do the same thing again. I get stuck in this thought loop, doing and thinking the same things over and over again. Like its the only stuff to think and do. Its as if the hallway around these lockers is the only place that exists. I feel hours pass, but its not unpleasant.

I continue walking around and around and around the block of lockers. Every time I pass the camera I look at it, every time, I think Holy shit this acid is good, can the camera tell Im frying?, and every time I keep walking to do the same thing again. I get stuck in this thought loop, doing and thinking the same things over and over again. Like its the only stuff to think and do. Its as if the hallway around these lockers is the only place that exists. I feel hours pass, but its not unpleasant.

I continue walking around and around and around the block of lockers. Every time I pass the camera I look at it, every time, I think Holy shit this acid is good, can the camera tell Im frying?, and every time I keep walking to do the same thing again. I get stuck in this thought loop, doing and thinking the same things over and over again. Like its the only stuff to think and do. Its as if the hallway around these lockers is the only place that exists. I feel hours pass, but its not unpleasant.

Hey! Phoenix!,The slightly nasally voice belongs to Carter, another fellow track runner. Wanna get some food?!
	It jolts me from the psychedelic haze. How much time had gone by? Did the bus leave? Obviously not hours man, youre on drugs, and hes on the team, so you didnt miss the bus.  

	By this time I am really starting to feel the effects. I try responding, but when I try moving my mouth, I contort it how someone might when theyre trying not to yell out in pain after stubbing a toe, and probably for the better, I cant get my vocal cords to make a sound. The acid makes me functionally mute. I settle instead with a sort of half nod, hoping I wasnt doing anything too suspicious. 

All of a sudden I become hyper-conscious about the way I am standing, where my arms are, how I hold my head, where my tongue is in my mouth. I feel aware of every part of my body. It feels awkward, and tense. Does he know Im on acid? What is he gonna do? Am I acting weird? Ill just try to act sober. Can I act sober? Am I talking right now?

	Then it hits me. Remember: no one knows youre on acid. Who told me that? I dont really care. I pull it together enough to walk towards the front door of the school. Luckily, me and Carter dont run into anyone, so I just have to deal with him. Oblivious to the fact that Im wicked fucked up, he rambles on about whatever the hell he thinks about, and all I have to do is force out an occasional Yeah or uh-huh. We open the doors and go outside. And I almost lose my shit.
	
I recognize the area in front of my school, but my breath is taken away. Streaking the sky are lines of color that are green, purple, and both at the same time. The grass morphs and shifts together like fractals in a kaleidoscope. Everything seems much more imposing, and I feel in touch with the vastness of everything, and I feel how small I am, and its all so nice, to look at, to be in. Its as if some god looked down on earth, and used it as inspiration to paint the living masterpiece I was now walking through.
	
We walk down the driveway as I stare up at the purple-green streaks lining the sky. The wind whips through my hair. its a cold winter day, and although I dont mind it, Im grateful for the warmth of my sweatshirt. We reach the crosswalk, about fifty yards from the school entrance and ready to cross. Cars and pickup trucks speed by at going at least 40. I decide that theres a possibility itd be safer if I follow Carter when he decides to cross the street instead of being the first one to cross. My judgement might be a little impaired. When he starts, I jog awkwardly across to the adjacent sidewalk, somewhat afraid of the speed and size of the cars.
	
In the grocery store directly across from the school, I begin to look for something to eat. I walk up and down the aisles, trying not to look weird while trying to also look at how cool everything looked. The shelves, grew slightly, and shrank slightly. The bags of pretzels morphed, the writing on the boxes of cereal danced. Then I see them. A bag of Cape-Cod salt and vinegar chips. It wasnt that I was hungry for salt and vinegar chips, no, it was that the bag was colored the most stunning shade of electric blue Id seen in my life. I immediately grabbed it. I grabbed a Dr. Pepper, because I needed to know if it tasted different on acid. And I grabbed a 15-pack of mint gum, because it was a nice shade of blue, like the chips bag.
	
Me and Carter go to pay. I struggle to get my wallet out of my pants. But I cant seem to just slip my hand into my pocket. My fingers dont work in tandem like Im used to, they go every which way. I finally get it by using one hand to push it out from the bottom, then I grab it with the other. Now to open it. As I fumble with the mechanism that wallets use to hold cash, I look up at the cashier. Shes giving me one of those holy shit this kid is fucked up on something bad, why is his friend not helping him? kind of looks, and Carter is behind me, still rambling on. I finally get the money out, but I cant figure out how to hold the money, count what I owe, give it to her, get my change, close my wallet and put it away like a normal person would. Theres just so many moving parts, its so complicated. So I hold out the stack I have in my hand to her, about 140 bucks. Im grateful when she cautiously picks out what I owe, and gives me my bag. I again struggle to put my money away, and my wallet back into my pocket. Carter is still oblivious to my obvious intoxication.
	
We make our way back to the school, and the trip continues to intensify. Brighter colors, morphing objects, this is a full blown psychedelic experience. I hear Carter say its 2:45.
	
 I part ways with Carter and begin to walk around the locker block I had been walking around before. I take the bag of chips out and eat a few. The flavor is about 10 times more intense, which would be nice, but my mouth is dry, which makes eating them uncomfortable. The salt doesnt help with the dryness, and the vinegar burns my tongue. I think about trying to put them back in my bag, but figure it might be difficult to. So I continue walking around the halls until I happen upon a pair of girls in some of my classes.
	
Charlotte was tall, just a few inches shorter than me. She was alright looking. But her friend Lina was one of the hottest girls in our grade, arguably the hottest, except for maybe Lauren Dixon. I obviously wasnt gonna try wheeling right now, seeing as I was so high I could barely operate a wallet, but they saw I was eating chips, and I guess they wanted some.  
	
Oh my god are those chips? Can we have some?, Lina said. She was smiling, and doing probably doing things Im sure Id find charming in a more sober state, enough to immediately offer her all the chips she liked. Of course, Im tripping sack. So the most suave thing I can do is stop and sort of shift the bag in my hands like an autistic kid.
	
Yeah Phoenix, just give us a few., Charlotte chimed in.
	I try to get some words to come out of my mouth with no success. Theres two pretty girls in front of me I wouldnt be able to talk to well at all while sober, the walls are fucking breathing around me, and I have no idea what to do with my hands right now.
	
Shit. Do they know Im fucked up? Would they be fine with that? Oh damn. Shit. Shit. Shit. How long has it been since someone talked? What do I say? Oh god WHAT DO I SAY?!
	Salt and vinegar, I finally mumble out like some social cripple.
	Uuugggghhhh. I dont like salt and vinegar.
	Yeah, eewww. Normal potato chips are way better.
	I immediately start walking away as fast as is normally acceptable down the hall.
	
I think I hear them say Hes so weird, and giggle, but I cant tell if thats the acid or them actually saying it. I dont really give a shit at this point. I just need to chill. I turn into the library. And inside I see the school's biggest druggie and some kids I play lacrosse with. They all smoke weed and drink. 
	
I just want to walk over there and sit down in a chair for awhile, but one of them greets me. I start to try to talk to them, but it becomes clear Im fucked up. Im fumbling my words, sentences; I aint talking right. In between words I randomly laugh at absolutely nothing. When I try to hold in those laughs, it all just seems funnier. All of a sudden I begin cracking up way louder than a sober person would anywhere.
	Holy shit dude how high are you?!
	Did you smoke like half an ounce?
	Where are the places you smoke?
	The barrage of questions is overwhelming, I cant process shit, so I just dont say anything. The druggie comes over, looks in my eyes, and fucking dies of laughter.
	Are you fucking on molly? Your pupils are the size of the fucking moon! Shit!
	
Now I think molly is kind of weird. The whole rave thing just seems like some weird-ass shit to me, its unappealing. That, and the fact its neurotoxic and my brain is still developing. I dont need to end up like the guy in front of me after all.
	No. Acid. I have a track meet. The words come out in a wheezy whisper.
	Dude you just became my fucking hero! Youre a savage!
	As he continues to laugh, I laugh. Were making a lot of noise, and I see people staring. Then I look at the librarian. Shes like a disgusting old vulture, giving me the evil eye from behind her glasses. 
	
Oh shit! Is she gonna call the principal? Is she gonna call the cops? Am I gonna get arrested? Fuck. Fuck. Fuck. I need out. So what is the most logical thing to do? While still laughing my ass off, I run full speed out of the library, and into the hallway, right into a crowd of teachers coming right towards me.

		

You know, the thing about acid is you never know what the fuck will happen when you go down the rabbit hole. Its an experience that is so subjective and personal that one individual will not have the same experience as another, nor can they ever have the same experience. On top of that, each trip will be different from the rest. Sure, there will be some common elements between each trip, but the actual substance of it is never the same. Additionally, acid shares the quality of other psychedelics where the users mindset as well as their environment have a profound impact on where its going to go. 

Its as if acid is the car you drive, your mindset is how you drive, and the road you drive on, the terrain, thats the environment you decide to trip in. You have twelve hours of gas you have to use, but unlike other cars, other psychs, this one allows you to steer pretty well. Still though, given the same car, the acid, generally one who is new at driving will be much less confident and cant drive as well on more difficult roads as one who is more experienced. Therefore, youd suggest that the less experienced driver drive only on easier roads. Tripping balls at school, even when its out of session, is not an easier road. Its like trying to drive up Mount Everest during an earth shattering apocalypse.
	
Thats the thing about school. Its so restrictive compared to the regular world. I hate to be cliche, but describing it as a prison is somewhat accurate. There are places you cant go, rules you have to follow, your 4th amendment rights are restricted, and youre surrounded by obligated reporters. But I digress.
	
When I see the teachers I freeze. My stomach drops. I see a shining white light cloud my vision, as if I am crossing the threshold between life and death. I close my eyes and try to calm down. What if they see me? What do I do? Will I they call the cops? My life is ruined. Im going to jail. Ive got nothing left. Fuck. FUCK. FUCK!
	
Then I open my eyes. Theyre gone. They just kept walking. No one saw a thing. Im all right. Everythings fine. Just get back to the locker room and hunker down.
	
Except it isnt all right. I didnt want people to know I took acid. But now they do. Shit. Everyone fucking knows. The people in the library will tell everyone, and Ill get shit for this. But will they tell my coaches? Will I get kicked off the team? Will they tell the cops? Do I have to run for it? I could hide in the woods for awhile, but Id have serious explaining to do to my parents. I just cant get arrested. I turn into the last hallway before the locker room when the group from the library catches up with me.
	
They begin asking me questions. Theyre all talking at once and I cant keep up with what theyre asking, much less formulate a response. They surround me, and even though were cool, its intimidating. I feel my heart beat faster, my fight or flight is kicking in.
	So what are you on man? Silence falls.
	Acid, I whisper.
	I try walking away, but it's a strange limp. The body high compounded with my fear of arrest makes it hard to walk properly. As I do this, a police officer in my school walks around the corner, and stares at me intently; he would have been close enough to hear me say I was high. This is bad. Oh so bad. I almost collapse on the ground.
	
I have this image form in my mind: the officer walks up, questions me. I cant respond, cant answer his questions satisfactorily. Then he looks in my eyes, sees my pupils. 
	
You are under arrest!, he says, before forcing me up against the wall, cuffing me, parading me past my teachers and classmates,  then shoving me out the front door of the school and into the back of his cruiser. After being held in jail, Im taken to court. The jury finds me guilty with little doubt. I go to jail for the rest of my life.
	
Then I feel hands, holding my weight. They help me walk to the locker room, where my knees buckle, I catch myself on one of the dirty benches. I savor the wave of relief that washes over me, I know its only temporary. The cop could come back, a track coach could find out. There was an infinite number of things that could fuck up my day even more, and I could still get arrested.
	You okay here? The library crew helped me back here. I nod. 
	Dont tell the coaches. They nod. They leave.
	I find a moment of peace while I sit on the bench. I look down at the floor, and I see the dirty little squares that make up the flooring morph, spin, and twist around into fractals. They pop out and spin around in a circle, I feel a childlike sense of wonder. 
	
Jackson comes in. Someone from the library told him I was tripping.
	Hey Phoenix, you on acid?
	I try to be sarcastic: Of course I am, theres dragons flying around your head! Of course, the way I say it makes it clear something is not right. At least I think so. Thats another problem with acid: when you try acting sober on other drugs, its possible, because although you feel different, your perception of reality isnt completely changed. Sometimes on acid youll struggle to figure out if whats happening to you is reality, if its the drugs, if its your mind playing tricks. In the end it doesnt matter though. When peaking on acid, you lose all ability to consistently respond to reality the way you could sober, or even on other drugs, anyway.
	
Dude you are on drugs. 
	Well I guess he does know.
	Dont tell anyone. I dont want everyone knowing right now. I know its inevitable this will get out by tomorrow, Ill handle it then when Im sober.
	We walk out into the hall where our team waits for the bus. I try to stand off to the side, and look off in the distance to avoid eye contact. While trying to be as unassuming as possible, I see out of the corner of my eye that the high jump coach is using his phone. Despite the fact I know hes most likely using it for some other reason, I cant escape the acid induced paranoia that he knows Im fucked up and hes looking to call the cops on me. I tense up, and get ready to run. It must be five minutes before he finally puts his phone away and walks off. I cant shake the lingering sense of danger though.
	
I look back at the 20+ people sitting around in a circle in the hallway. No one knows whats going on; its all good. Something catches my eye. One girl is standing, shes wearing a purple-magenta tie dye shirt. On acid, that has to be one of the most stunning things to look at, the visuals are insane. The colors morph and swirl. I look up at her face, shes pretty, but it looks like shes blushing. Her face is red and her mouth is open in awe. I dont know whats going on with her, I dont care. I look down at her shirt for a moment before I notice shes looking at me. Our eyes meet, we hold each others gaze for what feels like hours and it hits me: she knows whats up.
	
Im shitting bricks. I need out. This girl, Jessica, and I have had verbal altercations in the past, the least vitriolic of which was where she called me a terrible person and that I was the worst human being who ever lived, in addition to a stream of expletives, in response to something I said that I considered rather benign. It may have involved references to Nazism and Michael Jacksons alleged child molestation, but it shouldnt have started the fight it did. Point is she wasnt exactly someone who I wanted knowing I was in a ridiculously precarious situation. I smirk oddly, and, trying to maintain normalcy, turn away and walk towards the double doors 10 yards away.
	
She catches up with me as I stare outside. Why did she follow me? Why didnt she just tell the coaches? Why isnt she calling the cops?
	What are your visuals like?
	What did she say? No one says that unless
	Beautiful is all I manage to whisper. Im having this huge mindfuck, this revelation that were cool now is hard to reconcile with what I thought before. I kind of just freeze up.
	I think I like you now, she says.
	I manage to speak-I think I do to. I feel like Atlas, and I just had the world taken off my shoulders. I really thought I was screwed. For the first time since the trip began did I feel at ease.
	Shit. You cant go to track like this.
	No. I got it. I wouldnt last the car ride home with my mom. Shed already be suspicious if I tried to get out of going to the meet, acids not helping the situation.
	
So on to the bus I go. Right before we pull out of the lot, I see the word NICE scraped into the grass. I guess so. My hand glows under the red light in the back of the bus; in fact, its giving off its own orangey glow. Trails of light flow off my hand when I move it through the air. Finally, were at the track meet. Its held at the high school in another town.
	
The team heads to the cafeteria where we wait in between events. Id been there before, but it was never this large. It seemed to have doubled in size since the last time Id been. I went to the bathroom. The school was pretty ghetto, but I sat taking a shit, feeling good vibes, just chilling, tripping off the graffiti.
	
After walking around the school, jamming with my headphones in, taking in the acid experience, it was time to run my race, a 600M run. As I waited in line for my heat, some guy from another team tried talking to me, but I just ignored him, staring off at the breathing walls.
	
I felt a rush of anticipation as I lined up...then...BANG! The starter pistol fired. I sped up to a light jog, left in the dust of the other runners. This wasnt going to go well, I was just gonna enjoy the ride. 
	
The track expands in front of me and seemed to continue on forever and ever. As I turned the corner it feels like Im running through a wind tunnel, then, like I was a jet on a runway, about to take off. I could see the other runners behind me, about to lap me, and I just started to laugh. It was all so funny. Everything in the past few hours was crazy. 
	
As I finished my coach mentioned someone was looking for me. I ask who, and she points over to a cop, and a man in a leather jacket, who are talking to each other, right next to the only exit out of the track. I get some bad vibes.
	I try to walk past them with my head down.
	Hey you! Come here! The cop says.
	I wanna talk to you! Says the man with the jacket.
	I pretend I dont hear, and I speed up, and take a right.
	Get back here!
	No. I didnt come this far. This is not where I get fucked not today! Except I cant run anywhere. I walked down a hallway with nothing but locked doors at the end of it. Im fucked. Just gonna have to accept my fate. 
	
Could I get a quote from you about Carter Watson? Hes on your team, I understand hes a rising star? Says the jacket man.
	This man works for the paper, says the cop.
	I dont know him well.
	Okay then, bye. They both leave, I notice the acids effects are dulling. I sit down on the ground,and cry tears of joy. Its over. Im done. I made it. Trips over. Time to go home.
	
