Wakes up at 7.30. Can hardly get out of bed. Not days but weeks on end life was like a hell. It feels like a strong hand is grabbing his hair and pulls his body on it's feet. It's cold. This feeling of lifelessness, it is normal. It feels like a mobile cell that is everywhere he is. His life is like a prison. The thought of escaping had fled his mind long ago. He cant get out , he wont get out. Everything he tries slips out of his hands.
Many stories he heard about people who overcame the unsurmountable. Who got on the other side of it. Life was good for them. After the struggle. The only reality is his pain. It cant be surpressed. It cant be given away, written away. Many times he tried. And tried he did. But he doesn't fight anymore. He gave up. Like one who swam his whole life but finds out there is land. He stops swimming. Let the vast sea swallow him and his pain.
Even when he thinks its gone, it was only gone for ti come back again. It naggs and it eating away at him. His strenght bleeds out of him. Just end me. Quit it. I want to die. I will go mad. Or am I already mad? I dont know. I dont care. He sits in his car. He drives away out of his garage. Backward he turns into the street. Looking at his green lawn. It was his place. Like he always wanted it. Young he was. Just 25 years. Sun was out and shined on his face.
He just wanted to go out. Go to the desert. He liked it there. It was his day off today. His job at the daycare was something he always wanted.Seeing small children playingin the playhous gave him great pleasure. Sometimes they went on field trips. In forrest the boys liked to play warfare and dig trenches and foxholes. In a weird way he felt like he himself was a child again.Drawn into the moment, it became like a bubble for himself. When he was there, there didn't exist a past or future. It worked therapeutic on him. Satisfaction came from these little smiling faces. Wait. Watch it Jerry! Not to fast. Jerry always drove too fast with his cart. Kelly also was there early, just like Jerry. It was early and the sunrays found its way on the paved playground. Their parents dropped them early. No problem I said. The nice taste of coffee in the morning. The sun had risen a bit higher now. Steam came of the hot coffee.
When I was done drinking my coffee, I threw it away in the trashcan next to me and sat down again at this bench. Pows in the vietnam war did this too. They just pretend they where somewhere else when they where imprisoned.
To be somehwere else. Its a great coping technique. I look at the grey paved trainstation. So many people. It made me feel less alone in a way. He took a train somewhere else. He couldn't be too long at one place that feeling of being imprisoned again came back just after it left for a while.