	And there she stood, perfection. Now perfection does not mean flawless, far from it.
Flawless is just that, without flaws. But perfection can have flaws, but those flaws make perfection. Without them, you would be different. She would be different, and I would want her any other way.
	As I watched her stand in the window, the sunset filtering through the gap in curtains, I double checked the bags. Seldom was anything forgotten, but out of the necessity of the circumstances, all must be there. Once checked and double checked, we loaded the bags into the truck. 
	Then we drove. We both knew there was a long drive ahead, but this would be worth it. Familiarity is comforting, but after a time the familiar becomes drab. On the contrary, there is excitement (as well as uncertainty) in the unknown. But the pros out weight the cons, and so we concluded a change of scene pertinent. 
	Fitting to our mutual interests, we chose a rather secluded area but not too far. Privacy and proximity are important thought the choice is not binary, and in this case some privacy must be sacrificed for proximity, as we had concluded when resources had become scarce in our previous location. 
     As I drove and she dozed I thought of sentiments left behind. All the times shared. The myriad times we walked that hallway, through the ancient, heavy oak doors into the stone cellar. Long nights, just the two of us, and the others, but they never bothered us. How could they? They could even if they wanted to (and I am sure they did). She stirred in the seat next. Reasonable, as she had been sleeping for quite some time now. It was nearing dawn, however between the clouds and the trees it still seemed late night. This would be the perfect weather had we already been settled in. The woods are lovely, dark and deep, but I have miles to go before I sleep. 
     What seemed like dawn broke (in reality it was almost noon), we arrived. I left her to sleep as I unloaded the bags into the old mountain house. I walked in the front door and set the bags in the foyer, which was a small, square room with three doorways leading out, the left to the kitchen, the front to the basement, and the right to the living room. Walking into the kitchen I wiped off the wood stove and opened the grate. Outside the kitchen was a pile of fire wood. I started the wood stove and moved the bags from the foyer to the bedroom which connected the left of the living room. There was no bed, no couch, good furniture, but that was okay. All things needed had been brought, I made sure of that.
    I walked back into the living room she walked in the door and walked to the kitchen to sit by the stove. After a few moments she went to the bedroom and came back with a kettle and tea. There was no sink so I went to the well out back and brought back some water. As the water boiled I started carrying bags to the basement while she relaxed.
     Opening the door a rush of cool, musty air came through. I descended the stone steps into an equally stone basement, complete with nothing but eight candle lanterns, two hung along each wall. Those eight would be perfectly acceptable though, after all, what good is lighting other than to set the mood? I started unloading the bags, with setting up the rack along the wall behind me and the cabinet and table within arms reach to the left. In the cabinet I loaded the tools, careful not to damage any. I dragged the chest next to the cabinet, unloaded the sewing supplies from it and placing those on the table. Under the table I set the basins. One was filled with a preservative solution, the other with water to clean the tools. Along the right wall I hung the hooks so others could join us. 
     Once in place I returned to the kitchen to find it empty. It was getting late after all, I retired to the bedroom where I found her lying on the cot. I joined her and soon we both were asleep.
     The next morning we started making preparations to go out the following night. She meticulously picked her clothing and I not so meticulously mine. In the truck we loaded the clothes, the bottles, the cables, the tarp, the bags. Once preparations were complete we waited until dusk and set out. We drove for quite some time (about an hour, but the anxiousness made it seem longer) until we found a suitable park. There we waited for him (or her) to join us. 
     Shortly after we arrived, he too arrived. Due to the circumstances I left it up to her and laid down in the back of the truck under the tarp. People are predictable.
     She turned over the truck a few times, and of course it did not start. So she popped the hood and got out. Of course the man insisted on helping. A damsel in distress must be rescued by her knight. Yes, she has jumper cables. She walked around the back and grabbed the cables along with a bottle and cloth, pouring the contents into the cloth and sealing it in a bag, careful not to inhale. Hiding the bag away she brought the cables out to the man and stood back and waited as he opened his hood to connect the cables. As he went to connect his truck to ours, she put the cloth around his mouth. 
     I got out of the back and helped put him in the back under the tarp. We drove back to the house and moved the party to basement. 
We carried the man to the rack and secured his wrists and ankles. In the cabinet I let her pick her tools as I watched. The flames danced on their wicks, distorting her shadow cast across the floor. As she started picking her tools he started to come around. Of course he started yelling asking whats going on, who wouldnt. Grabbing the tongs and shears she walked over to him. The closer she got the more frantic he became, but she was unfazed, it would soon stop. Once she reached him, in her sweet, seraphim voice she asked him to open his mouth. Unsurprisingly he did not. They never do. But that okay, she has more fun like that. Once more she asked, but again he did not. I watched, amused. She opened the shears and placed them under his mandible. Through there she cut, like you would to make a slit in the middle of a page, until she got into his mouth. At this point, his mouth was indeed open, blood spilling out along with his screams. But that was alright, the walls were thick and the house isolated. Through the slit she pulled his tongue and threw it in the basin. I wouldnt say all was quiet, as his gargled screams still echoed, but the semblance of words was lost without a tongue. 
     While she cleaned the shears his screams quieted as his lungs filled with blood. Once all was silent she removed the eyes and placed them with the tongue. Taking a knife from the cabinet she carved a smile onto his face. From the table she grabbed the needle and thread and stitched up the smile and eyes. From the cabinet she removed a saw and took his arms which she discarded (She is more of an organ kind of girl). After she had had her fun I helped remove him from the table and place him on the first hook. 
As she cleaned up the tools I heated some water for a bath and brought out the glasses and wine.
     Heading back down I helped finish cleaning up. Once done we went back up stairs and got in the bath. I poured the wine and handed her a glass. We drank and relaxed as the house warming celebration came to an end. Once we got out she went out to the back porch and I followed her. The beautiful sunset shone through the trees, casting an angelic glow about her. 

We had found our new home.
