Futuristic Sci-fi scenario (Mass Effect theme as reference for you guys with not so great imagination xD)

For as long we can remember humanity has one great fear, the unknown. To escape this fear we strove to live forever, but since that was impossible, we could only be immortal in a few forms such as statues, pictures or books... or so we thought.

It is well known that the thing that greatly separates us from the other species is our brain and little did we know it was also the key to "eternal" life.

In 2016 some people were found to have a brain structure slightly different from the common population, but that difference was the key to achieving our goal. Those people, well the ones that haven't been murdered or died in an accident are still alive today.

This is the year 6016, from 4000 years ago we have since established contact with other intelligent species not only across our galaxy but also other universes. Humanity's technological development was so fast that it made for an exploding evolution.

Together we were able to answer some deep questions regarding existence itself and so the Reality Council was created.

Me and a bunch of beings with this so called "brain condition" are part of it and yes we can live forever.

Living forever is not that easy though, and to retain our most precious memories a process was invented so that each day we can recall them.

And that isn't the most impressive thing! Time travel is also real, but it can't be used as determined after the great war in the year 5000 concerning the conflict of interests between two main opposing factions, one we humans were part of (you know standard war stuff).

It was a huge conflict, but in the end everyone agreed to exile time travel unless strictly necessary and Time's protection was put under the Reality Council.

Some of you may be wondering why the name "Reality Council" well, that's because it is an organization that preserves not only time but existence itself since its members can live forever.

My name is... well, I can't really give you my identity so you can call me GB.

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
(enter a scene with the main character in his ship!?)

(Greets friend) -Happy birthday SK8.

(Friend Answers) -Thanks man.

This is SK8 and of course that isn't his real name either.

He's been my friend and partner since middle school, I was lucky he had the same condition as me and even though I didn't get to pick a friend I wanted to share "eternity" wait, I'm happy he's around.

Well, time to get to the "Recall" (the machine that allows us to "view our past and relive our memories").

I like to visit this time quite a lot, it is sad that she is no longer alive, but it makes for great memories, she is my best memory...

-What! She isn't here?! (Game face)

I always said that humanity is only right 99% of the time, but I never thought there would be someone foolish enough to summon that 1% in this day and age.

Today I recalled like every other time, but today she wasn't there.

I don't know what happened, but something or someone changed the past and I believe its bad news for all of us.
