     Oliver had just moved to Central New Zealand, and he didnt know a soul except his family whom he had traveled there with. The one thing he wasnt bummed about was his new home, and the stunning view from his bedroom balcony of the New Zealand Countryside. His new home resembled a mountainous log cabin, complete with modern accents of large windowpanes taking up entire walls worth of space. It even ran off of geothermal power. He had first choice of bedrooms over his sister, Bella, since he was the older of the two and had called it only a few minutes into the 22-hour plane ride. He had plenty of time to think out his new life. He was not happy to be moving halfway around the world. London had been his home for the last several well his entire life. It was the only thing he had ever known. To pick everything up, and start over; the idea caused a feeling of the butterflies in Olivers stomach falling through the pit in his stomach. Uneasy. 
		Try not to look so glum, think of the positives! Olivers mother reluctantly spoke during the flight Your Dad said that the new house has a splendid view of the Taupe Volcanic zone! You can literally see volcanoes from your window. Isnt that kind of dangerous, wont they erupt he asked? He was suddenly more enthusiastic. Theyve been dormant for years now, Oliver, thats what your father said 

    "I hope they erupt.

    You see, Olivers father was a geologist. Specifically he studied volcanoes, and had been relocated there for the next four to eight years for a chance of a lifetime research project studying the Geology of New Zealand. Being a haven of grandiose mountains and ample and luscious plains stretching for miles. Naturally he didnt want to leave his family in the wake of his absence, and having such a supportive family didnt help Olivers case very much. 
	Oliver wanted to stay in London. He loved the rainy atmosphere. The accents everywhere. He adored going down to the waterfront every Saturday morning with his mates to this one mum and pop shop about two blocks from his house. He could smell the malt vinegar and chips just thinking about them. How hed love to smell that one more time, he thought to himself only 2 hours into the flight. 
	The family arrived, to meet their father waiting in the Airport terminal, personal limo driver waiting in the car, to head on to our new home. 
	He had refused to eat the airplane food on the ride over, due to his preconceived assumptions of the stereotypical airplane food. However Bella and his mother scarfed down a full three-course meal, complete with desserts and complimentary glasses of wine and coffee.  Now he regretted that decision, and desperately found snack shop that was open, and got himself two classic hot dogs. He paid his money and took his hot dogs over to the condiment station. He searched for the iconic Heinz bottle but to no-avail. He sighed and reached for the bottle titled Watties. 

	He woke up at 11pm, five hours later from when they had left the airport and made to long drive to their new hope. The house was just as he had imagined. A sole wooden cabin in the middle of a green meadow, surround with monumental mountains and three distinct volcanoes in the distance. The stars were the most astounding part. In London you would have never even thought that stars could shine this bright. That you could literally see the twinkling of the stars and the fleeting shapes of the galaxies in the ever-expansive darkness. You would never even think that it could be this dark out, yet so illuminated by the stars. He had never heard this sort of silence before. 
	Get some sleep, his mother said, you can go exploring tomorrow.
	He ran to his room, not even bothering to change or unpack any of his personal belongings. He just slept on his plain mattress with a felt blanket thrown on top and wrapped he up. 
	He woke up the next morning, went downstairs, ate a bowl of cereal, and ran outside toward the nearby mountain range, yelling 
	Ill be home by supper faintly back toward the general direction of the house. He didnt care if they heard. 
	He had never seen nature like this. It intrigued him. He heard the babbling of a river off in the distance, and followed the sound until it let him to a majestic waterfall. He noticed a darker area shaded in the rock wall, and steped in for a closer look. A ray of light revealed itself once he moved himself out of the way of the opening, illuminating a glistening wall and floor full of granite and geodes, the river still flowing over the crystalized floor beneath, accentuating every ripple and reflection of the stream. He recognized these due to his fathers work and some stuff he had taught Oliver as a young kid. But he had never shown and interest in the subject past his previous lessons. He picked up a large grey oval shaped rock, knowing in was a geode, and smashed it in the water. The rock split, and exposed a bright purple rock. 

    I get why dad wanted to come here now, he thought to himself. 
    I think I will enjoy New Zealand.
