Continued The Alien Downstairs


The Start

	Waking up one day I knew I wasnt happy.  I knew my life was not bad because I had a roof over my head, a job that made money and I was in school. I was doing well if you looked at me from the outside. On the inside was a different story I was unfulfilled in my life. My job wasnt a career. It was by the very definition, a job. I did it to make rent and keep my power on. School was school. I dont know how else to put it. I always heard college was to be where you found yourself, but I felt more lost than ever before. I went to class with no enthusiasm at all, saddest of all I cannot t say I was really stressed out. When you hear horror stories of college, its usually the same. You cannot study enough for the tests, all night studying almost every night, etc. But I truly just didnt care. Now of course I wanted to be successful but I had no reason to want to work hard. I made it through class purely on what I would absorb during class. I occasionally studied when I felt the need to. But most of the time it was a night before a test or the few minutes I had between classes. That is what I did with projects and homework as well. I was skating by in school. I had no enthusiasm to learn. This education I was paying for was a lot of review from high school. The few things they would teach me about life I did not fully understand without a real life experience. I thought every student felt this way, but after talking with a few of my peers I realized this wasnt the case. Some maybe disliked the extra classes that were required, but they were excited about what they wanted to do. Whether it was nursing, music, engineering, architecture, teaching, or even history. They all seem happy to find a passion. They had a purpose to strap on their backpack every morning.  I didnt feel this way. Of course there were fellow students who felt the same way I did but they eventually disappeared from class, never returning. Later I would hear through the grapevine that they moved back home and got a job working for a local business in their hometown. I was too proud to go back, I felt that I needed to prove to everyone that I was going to be successful. So I had to keep trudging through school. 
	I had a job, but there was no fulfillment there. It only took up a little of my time. I had no opportunities to grow with the company. I was not able to get promoted. I was the youngest of my workplace so that made me more of an outsider than I already was. My co-workers all were friends in and out of work. In a way I was jealous, they were happy to come to work and throw insults at each other for the sake of having fun. They enjoyed what they were doing. I would try to make friends with the younger new hires that would come through. But they didnt last very long. So I stuck to myself and did my own thing. I went to work and went home. 
	I had a roof over my head, but it felt so big without anyone else. I lived with my cousin but we didnt spend time together, and when we did we were so different, it wasnt fun. It was awkward and we would occasionally get into little arguments. So I hung out in my room a lot, binging TV show series every night. It made me feel far more alone. It was nice to do things I enjoyed but not when you have no one to make or share memories with. I know you, as the audience are wondering why I didnt just find a girlfriend. I know I thought the same thing at the time. I tried, but being in classes full of nerdy math guys and a job with older men didnt really give me the opportunity to meet anyone. I would occasionally connect with a girl in one of my basic classes but they would have boyfriends or we would date and that feeling you are supposed to have wouldnt be there. The feeling of happiness and warmth that came when you talked to someone you are genuinely happy to be around. For them they would admit having it, but not me.  Being with someone I wasnt truly happy with did not make me feel less alone. I just needed to meet people who at least had the same thoughts and interests as me. Even if its just one person, because feeling lonely was truly one of the most depressing times of my life. 
	I knew it was time for a new start, I decided if I was unhappy. I should find something that makes me happy. I decided to start with my job. I needed something that would surround me with people closer to my age. The semester had just ended, and I planned to move back home when my lease was up at the end of the summer. I couldnt get a job back home yet because I still had my apartment, and there were not as many opportunities there. I decided to get a summer job here in the city and after the summer I would move on. I searched ads online for places that were hiring. I filled out applications for some of my favorite stores and hangouts, hoping I would get a call back. I had already left the warehouse at this point, so I knew I would need a job soon. Maybe my decision here was a little to rash, but I felt it was what was best for me. 
	I went to the gym after filling out a few more applications, I needed to relieve some of the stress I had accumulated, workouts were the best way I knew to do that. My gym day was especially nice that day, the semester was over and I had survived my classes. I decided I was going to enjoy the summer and see where I end up next semester.  I was doing squats when my music was cut off by silence. I knew that meant I was getting a phone call. I was a bit annoyed that a number that I didnt know cut off my zone. I had just filled out applications that morning so I was sure it wasnt a job offer. I reluctantly answered. It was an older man asking if he was speaking to Edward. Thinking to myself how weird it felt to be called my real name, I answered yes in a very polite voice. He replied saying he was the GM for one of the movie theaters I had applied for. I was flabbergasted. I did not think anyone would get back to me so soon. He asked me if I could make it to an interview that afternoon. Of course I said yes, I was excited. I would have a way to make money for the summer. He scheduled me for two that afternoon, that gave me about three hours to finish my workout and get a shower in. 
	Getting ready for an interview was something I hated doing. I never knew if I was overdressed or not dressed enough. I always wanted to make a good impression without coming off as a total tool. I settled on a solid gray shirt and my nicest jeans. I looked nice without being too dressy. I looked at myself in the mirror and thought to myself I would hire me. 
	The theater was attached to the only mall in town. I wasnt familiar with this theatre since it was not my normal movie theater. I remember walking thinking how nice it was. It seemed huge. I did not know where to go when I walked in. There was no box office walking in, only computer kiosks. That was weird to me. I walked a little further hoping to find somebody who looked important. I thought about asking the employee I saw standing behind the podium in front of what I assumed was a hallway of theaters. 
The set up here was very odd. Because normally when you walk into a movie theater there is a box office outside selling tickets, but not here. When you walk inside you find yourself in the lobby, where an usher who takes tickets greets you. He then tells you which hallway your theater is down. Behind him is the concession stand separating the hallways. This theater was different, when you walk in you found yourself in a large hall. Walking a little further down there are two podiums that sat in front of two smaller hallways on your left and right. If you continued down the large hallway you ended up in a large tall lobby that had had the concession stand on your left side and opposite from that was the box office. If you looked up there was a clear glass wall that wrapped around the lobby. Upstairs was a restaurant that overlooked the lobby.  If you looked further down you could see another large hallway with two more podiums and two smaller hallways. This also had the entrance into the mall.  
	I thought about asking the employee where it was I was supposed to go. But I decided not to, I feared if he was my future co-worker he might judge me. I decided to walk toward the concession stand. Here I found two men joking around. One was wearing a black polo shirt. I noticed the usher was wearing a red shirt. The other man was wearing a very nice dress shirt with a tie and suspenders. I figured he was probably a manger. I walked up and he looked at me politely and asked if he could help me with anything. I told him I was there for an interview. He looked a little lost, but he asked for my name and pointed me out to some couches that were in the lobby that I could sit and wait. 
	After a little while of waiting he came back out, he explained he wasnt expecting an interview today, but he found my paperwork. He was a man of a very small stature. Very skinny but he was about my height. He had red hair that reminded me of the Johnny Bravo swoop. He had a beard that made him look older that what he was. He only looked to be in his early twenties. Dressed professionally he had put on a suit jacket over his dress shirt and suspenders. He had a pin on his jacket that looked like it was out of some fantasy adventure movie. 
	He started asking me some pretty basic interview questions, my greatest strengths, weaknesses etc. I kept up my most outgoing personality I could put on. Customer service wanted the friendliest most outgoing employees they could get to make their company look good. At least thats what I was thinking at this point. I figured I wanted to make myself stand out a little. I noticed he had a very nice pen in his hands. I complimented his pen and asked a little more about it. He was eager to tell me, I figured this might not have been the first time someone noticed it. I will say it was a very nice pen, it looked like the ones out of old cartoons where they dip the tip in a ink vial. He told me how where he got it and we chatted for a bit until he went back to asking me questions. On the application there was a section where we had to fill out our favorite movies. I am a very diverse individual I love a little bit of everything. My motto for meeting people is to know a little bit about a lot. You dont have to know every single thing about everything in the world. But if you at least can relate to someone about something it helps. Being diverse helps you come off as a little more intelligent than you might actually be. It shapes your character as being more than a one trick pony. In essence it makes you more interesting. If you know just a bit about a topic someone is familiar with, it can start a conversation. I am a nerd on the inside. I love comic books cartoons toys, or anything along these lines.  I can talk about anything from fantasy movies to Japanese comic books. I love it all, on the other hand I could talk about sports and more serious topics.  I enjoy playing any sport you can throw at me, even if I am not great, I have probably tried it, or will try it. My music was even more diverse. I literally listened to everything. My parents, uncles, aunts, grandparents, band directors, and radio, shaped my music education.  I just loved music. It is a way for somebody to express something about himself or herself. There is always something to like a about a song whether it was your favorite genre or not. Whether its the message through lyrics, or the talent and art it took to make the sounds that they did.  I couldnt tell you everything about your favorite artist, but I could take a listen and enjoy it. So when we got this part he noticed I enjoyed a few things he did as well, we hit it off. I was in, he hired me right there.
	I filled out some new hire paperwork. He brought me a shirt and told me what the uniform required. The shirt was red so I assumed this is what all new people wore. I wondered why the guy behind the concession stand had a black shirt, but I figured I would soon find out. 
	I drove home that day to pick up black slacks that my mom had from when I was in high school. They were excited that I got a new job. I always loved seeing my parents. They always looked at me like every accomplishment I made was the greatest thing in the world. This caused me to always fear that I would somehow disappoint them one day. 
 	My first day was the next day. I was nervous. I didnt know what to expect, I wanted everyone to like me. I wanted to be really good at what I was doing. I wanted to be noticed. This sounds selfish, but lets face it this was the first thing I was excited for in a long time. I dont mean to sound clich, but this was the start of a journey that has changed my life. 

