Hi :) i need to get some feedback on my short stories to use in an assignment for uni, so any feedback you could give would be great, thank you :) 


I watch them all day from where I sit, I can sit anywhere and still see them. They irritate me. The woman is okay, I mean she is clumsy and drops food which I quickly sneak over and take. The man is acceptable, I leave little presents for him. My shit. My shit is the present I leave for him. He cleans it though, he has to. He keeps telling me that he got me a box to shit in, but what self-respecting adult would shit in a box?  He knows I am here, he knows that I was here before those two little bastards he calls children turned up. I am more a part of this family than they will ever be. The house came with me, like a package deal, the people who lived here before left because of me. But I didnt like them. The vile bags of filth they called children were worse than anything I could have prepared for. I gave one of them an awful cut in the middle of the night when it was asleep. From ankle to thigh. They moved soon after, apparently knowing that I was in the house and that I would cause harm to their disease-ridden, freak-show rejects was too much for them to bear.

When the woman was pregnant I liked watching her. Imagining what was going on inside that giant bulbous sack of flesh hanging from her abdomen I used to be able to ignore. I got her a present when she finally lost the tumour that was growing out of her stomach, I dont think she liked it though. She screamed the house down. Apparently a nearly-dead bird on the doorstep was not what she wanted to return home to. Who knew? I thought the present was thoughtful, I never got the man a dead bird. He doesnt deserve a dead bird. I made sure the womans one was all bloody and couldnt move, it was still alive so that it was warm and she could get back some of the strength that those two vile creatures living inside of her had stolen. 

Then they arrived and after years, maybe two, they noticed me.

They fucking noticed me. 

Now they wont stop trying to get my attention. I fucking hate them. They dribble from every possible hole. How is it possible that even when I sit so far away, out of sight, they still manage to get their putrid slime on me? I have to clean myself every. Single. Time that they get near me. I couldnt stand the thought of them touching me with their germ covered hands. Its making me gag just thinking about it. Excuse me while I go and throw up in the corner. I will go and sit somewhere they cannot see me after. I can see them, of course I can see them, but I found the perfect hiding spot from them. They put this nifty box in the corner to be thrown away. But I am in charge of this house. And I will keep this box.
