It isnt easy, and it never was. Its not quite something that just comes and goes, it sort of stays, and even if it does go, it comes right back around when you least expect it. Its kind of like being stuck in a riptide; no matter how much you try to escape, it keeps pulling you back in. Sometimes I ask myself; is it even worth the struggle?  
 When I was first born, my dear mother thought I was male. I mean, no not because I looked like one, or had a small penis, but because she was expecting it. And yes, she was a little disappointed when she was told the three words: its a girl. Let me say I did not blame her. Anyways, this isnt exactly where my actual story begins. It goes back to when I was that new girl in school. The girl that did not know what she had put herself into when she sat with those cool girls. It was hell. One would usually think that its mainly guys that make a fool out of themselves and are officially labelled the class clown or even worse the school clown. However, in this situation, I was the clown. I remember my first time being used by the group. One of the girls wanted me to go up to our extremely attractive substitute teacher and tell him that he looked great, and unfortunately; I had done it. He looked at me with his gorgeous deep green eyes as though I had lost my mind, and every other girl in the class would just laugh and giggle. I had never felt that ashamed. God I hated life at that point. I wanted to disappear, anywhere but out of there. It was surely my first time feeling that way. It was strange. It was also the first time that I was confronted by my father who asked me; You seem down. Would you like to see the school counsellor? I just took a deep breath, going upstairs and into my room to indulge in self-pity. No, I didnt want to see the school counsellor. I wasnt even crazy, nor was I a psycho. I just feltsad. I stared blankly at the wall for a moment, allowing this dark emotion of sadness to simply sink deep inside of me. Everything went quiet for a while and my mind wasnt where it should have been; in my room. It was with my Biology sub teacher. I was holding his hand as we walked bare-foot on the sand, watching the motionless and soothing sea as the sun would set. My mom was always the type to stay in the kitchen, doing all the hard work for both me and my younger sister; Becca. She usually just told me to ignore the bullies and work on myself. It seemed pretty straight-forward and easy. So I tried to ignore everything else and followed what shed say. 
Becca, Alice. Dinners ready... I heard mom yelling from downstairs. 
Every-day at dinner time, me and Becca would try and see who could run faster to the dinner table. It was usually Becca thatd win. I, once again, was the last one. Sometimes Id wonder why Becca wasnt the older one. 
Special dinner today, huh ladies? Dad smiled, looking at me and Becca before sitting at the table and extending out his arm to grab himself a plate. Dad was a civil engineer. He was the intelligent one. He would tell lots of jokes about things we never really understood. Mom would laugh and wed just think she had gone mad. They didnt seem funny, but the way dad had said them somehow made us laugh anyway.  
