Macbeth  Modern Day

The light grew dim over London. The only noise that arose from the streets was a patter of footsteps, a gentle splash and a hurried breath. These belonged to a man running through a grim underpass clenching a briefcase. It seemed as if this case meant a lot to this man, he clenched it close to his chest and was holding it closed. He didnt stop when he passed a poor homeless man asking for his change and continued to run. He normally would have stopped and given him a few pounds change. He was a kind man usually but that night he didnt have the time to stop. As time passed he started to slow, if it wasnt for the building blocking his path he would have made it. Yet, as realised his mistake of taking one wrong turn he felt a sharp chill on the back of his neck. Give me the suitcase.
The voice was strong and commanding, but even so he clenched hold of the suitcase, this was what he was giving his life to protect. Put down the suitcase He said a second time, his voice in the same tone but more bold than the last sentence. N no I cant he whispered, but as the words left his lips he knew he had spoken his last. The pistol the man had under his coat was drawn and fired in less than a second, half the time it took the other to slump to the floor dead. He picked up the fallen briefcase and walked off, only stopping at a public phone to call the police to the dead body. He had left no evidence. The murder was never solved.
	Mac? Hey! You there? Said a large man sitting next to a man slightly nodding off. Huh, oh hey Banquo he said before giving out a massive yawn. He hadnt had a lot of sleep yesterday. The man named Mac wasnt a tall man; he had dark hair and a pair of piercing blue eyes. Sorry, just a bit stressed at the moment He slumped slightly in his chair over his tea. Listen theres some stuff I have to sort out, see you later. He passed Banquo a fiver and told him to give the change as a tip. As he walked out of the shop he shuddered, the wave of cold brought by the wind. As he walked down the street and into a taxi a wave of dread filled him, a crime scene, police tape and a chalk marking on the floor. He stared at that stop until the taxi had taken him far away from there. He checked his phone no reply from the chief, what was he doing? There was one text though. They are after you too. Mac was shocked, who was this? What did this mean? He checked the sender ID, nothing; he checked the number online, nothing. Who was this and what did they mean. A second message appeared soon after You know what is coming, you deserve it ;). He had no idea what was coming. As he got out the taxi he questioned the intentions of the last text, was it malicious or serious. What did he deserve? As he walked down a dark alley he took a sharp right down a set of stairs underneath a pub. The key he drew from his pocket was rusted and brown, it barely fit in the lock anymore. The click of the lock, followed by many other faint clicks from the other side of the door, as the door swung open he was greeted by the sights of silencers on the ends of pistols. WHO ARE YOU? WHAT DO YOU WANT? and many other questions were lobbed his way. Seriously guys? Its me Mac! As the pistols were tucked back into jackets one man pulled Mac aside Hey, there was a hit that I carried out last night Mac knew what was coming and offered him a place in his house to sleep. He was thanked profusely and slipped a fifty-pound note. Boss? Since when have you been carrying out business? He asked the man. His response was simple When we get something personal to me Mac thought it was better not to ask what he meant by that. The man was slightly larger than the rest, more outwards than upwards; his voice was gentle when needed yet strong and bold when needed. He at his side held a large briefcase and kept the other hand free. Gentlemen, we have something big here. I think the police have caught onto me so I need to choose a next in command to take control whilst Im not here There are many of you I consider worthy of this position but I think it should belong to Mal not only because of his leadership skills but also because he is the only one here with a nickname from the police Harbatkin (I swear they just throw darts at a dartboard to come up with these names I guess he does swing pretty hard with that bat but still!) But anyway Mal youre the second in command! Macs face soured, he deserved that title. He deserved control. 
	After that meeting was over Mac and his boss started to walk back to his house, Idiot taxi driver, I didnt know he had seen that murder should have just kept his mouth shut. The moment that he spoke that he checked his phone, you have one new message, Message one: You can do it, kill him then you will realise your mistakes. You want to be leader right? Mac dropped his phone, smashing the screen in the progress, that didnt register to Mac though, he was more focused on the fact that someone knew his jealousy for Mal. He attempted to keep it well hidden, but someday he must have let up. He shook it off and went back to walking. Dad? Said a small child, standing right in front of him. Mac was confused. He had never seen this child before The shock on Macs face would have been noticeable from space. No, NO, YOU ARENT REAL, y You cant be the child tilted its head and said in a whisper Daddy, please kill him, he killed me. The screams of laughter are what caused the boss to turn around, not the yells of a madman yet when he did a bullet through the head greeted him. Mac continued laughing as he walked off, back to his house, not even stopping to grieve for the body of the man he once respected.
