I never thought much of her. I spoke to her occasionally when we happened to cross paths and once we went out to lunch with a co-worker we were both friends with, but nothing beyond that. I thought she was attractive but I didnt think much of it. There are a lot of attractive women at the office.

One night, a small group of co-workers who live in the same part of town decided to grab dinner and drinks after work. She was one of them. We got off the train and walked down to this hip Americanized Indian restaurant and grabbed a table. I ordered a gin and tonic, though I had never had one before and really didnt know what to expect. I just knew that there was something in it that prevented Malaria. Im not sure why that appealed to me. I havent been in India for nearly a year.

We drank and talked about a whole litany of topics. It was one of those random stoner type conversations where the topic drifts. I still didnt think much of her. 

Im on my second drink. Im now a G&T fan. I finally start to notice her. Shes a five foot nothing South American with dark, curly hair and a high, almost raspy, voice. She has a really big smile and the kindest eyes and disposition Ive ever encountered. Shes got a dark streak judging by what she laughs at and shes got a great taste in music. Im starting to come around.

We leave the restaurant and head back to the train station. We start talking about marriage. Neither of us have much respect for the institution of marriage yet were both married. I jokingly say, The worst thing about being married is that I cant fuck other people. Her response: Yeah. I assume its soft dismissal and a wantingness to change the subject.

Once we get to the station, we stand on opposite platforms. Shes going east while a co-worker and I head west. An eastbound train arrives immediately. We wave as the train departs. My co-worker, Josh, turns to me and says, I think she likes you. Im good at picking up on these things. My response: Id fuck her.

Its over. Shes broken through the wall I put up between myself and every woman I meet. Shes in my thoughts. I look at her Facebook for a few public pictures. Her husband looks like an asshole. I wonder if shes lonely? I am. Ive been with the same woman for nine years and Im tired of fucking her. Im tired of getting nagged. I'm tired of feeling tied down. I sort of hate my wife and wish she werent in the picture. This girl is the straw that breaks the camels back. I want to kiss her. I want to fuck her. I want her. 


This isnt going to end well.
