On an isolated farm in Normandy, a peaceful summer's morning was shattered when Gunnar and his wife were set upon by highwaymen. Being naught but farmers, the bandits decided to take all that he had: his wife.

His cries of anguish were heard and time seemingly stopped. A tall, slender man stood before him dressed as nobility, but an heir of torment around this man fell heavy upon Gunnar's shoulders.

"I have places to be, so let's make this quick, shall we?" The man said. "Yes, I am the devil. Satan, Lucifer, Beelzebub, whatever name you wish to call me. I can bestow upon you the strength to save your beloved Sasha. Of course, this comes at a price. Namely, a soul. Do you love her enough to sacrifice everything?" He asked, his eyes piercing Gunnar's gaze.

Without hesitation, Gunnar replied "YES!" hastily. A grin slid across the devil's face as he touched Gunnar's chest, searing a pentagram over his heart that quickly sinks inward, vanishing completely and Gunnar arched his back.

The flames of Hell flowed up from the grass, the burning tongues from the Planes of Damnation slid through his clothing. They left them intact, but scarred the flesh underneath, bringing unimaginable torment that would not be soon forgotten. Gunnar groaned, shouldering the pain that came with the surging power of the hellfire that seared his body and soul as the scent of his bubbling flesh sent adrenaline rushing through his body.

When time resumed, the men holding Gunnar burst into flames, their screams piercing the focus that their brethren had as they attempted to tear off Sasha's clothing. They stared in horror at Gunnar walked towards the remaining three men.

Gunnar touched one on the top of the head, and he shrieked in pain as his eyes turned to molten spheres of superheated iron, falling back into his skull and burning a path through his body. He fell on his back and the iron melted through, igniting his clothes and the grass around him. The remaining men attempted to run, but Gunnar sprinted after them with ungodly speed.

He reached one of them swiftly, grasping his skull and tearing it off with ease before the flames engulfing him ignited the disembodied head. Gunnar spun and hurled the head at the last bandit, striking his leg and breaking it with a loud CRACK. The man fell, in too much shock to cry out in pain.

Gunnar walked over calmly to man lying on his back and knelt over him. He reached into the man's chest and pulled out a rib, the heat of Gunnar's hand causing it to glow red. He used the rib to cut the last man's stomach open and the last thing he saw was a flash of light as Gunnar instantly boiled his organs.

The fires dissipated as quickly as they came and he left the gruesome scene behind and returned to Sasha, but she stared at him with tears in her eyes. "It's ok, they're gone. You're safe now." He says as he knelt down and reached for her hand.

She jerked away and slid backwards, avoiding his touch with a look of terror in her eyes. "What are you?" She said. These words burned Gunnar more than the flames did and he was shocked at the implications.

"I'm... I'm Gunnar, your husband. Sasha, what are you..." Sasha cut him off in distress, ignoring what he was going to say.

"No you're not!! My husband is a peaceful man, not some demon from the Pit!" She cried as she picked herself up. "You give my husband back, Hellspawn!"

"I did this to protect you! I did what I had to, I couldn't let them hurt you!" Gunnar panicked, unsure how to prove his loyalty to her. Then it dawned on him.

"Remember when we were wed, what I said to you in my vows? 'I swear, on all that I hold dear, that nary a hair on your head would come to harm as long as I drew breath. Not even the devil himself has the power to overcome my love and to steal you from my grasp'." Tears welled up in Sasha's eyes and she lunged toward him, embracing him in a way only a lover could.

"I remember that as well." A gruff voice said from behind Sasha. Gunnar opened his eyes in fear at the familiar voice.

There Satan stood, a sly grin stretched across a pale canvas. "What do you want??" Gunnar said, an edge of panic in his voice. Not this soon, he thought to himself. How heartless can he be?

"Why, I've come to collect, my dear boy! I have fulfilled my end of the bargain, now it is your turn! I'm also eager to see how you plan to keep your vow to the wonderful Sasha." The devil said as he stretched an arm out and Sasha flew into his grasp. Gunnar went pale for a moment, the horror of the situation gripping his mind.

"No... No no no! This isn't what we agreed! We agreed on mine! Take me, damn you!" He cried desperately. He tried to run towards Hell's master, but rotted, decrepit hands emerged from the grass and gripped his legs in place.

"I never once specified I wanted your soul! You've already been mine for quite some time. Your lovely bride however..." A long slender tongue ran it's way around Sasha's chin as she struggled fruitlessly against his iron grip. "Has been nothing but pure since childhood. There's nothing sweeter then a light filled soul in love. Oh, how I'll enjoy breaking her over and over again for millennia to come! It's not my fault you missed the part in your marriage vows where you give each other everything, including heart and..." He slurped saliva with a loud smack "sooooouuuul... By the way, I'm unimpressed. It would seem your love for her isn't quite as strong as you thought." At this, Gunnar was plunged into despair. A feeling of uselessness pinned his heart to his stomach.

A dark void opened in the ground and the devil tossed Sasha into it, the portal closing behind her. Before leaving himself, Satan walked slowly towards Gunnar. "By the way, don't be fooled: those flames that gave you power? You weren't exactly impervious to them. By my calculations you have... Oohhhh... Maybe ten minutes before you turn to ash?" He stood inches from Gunnar's ear and whispered "see you soon."

------------

Just something I wrote for fun, so it's probably not as polished as it could be. I'm looking into submitting some stories into contests so I'd love any critiques you may have. Be as brutal as you want, I need to get all the details! Also, there would h e been a few parts in italics, like "your" where the devil says "I never wanted your soul!" I just copy pasted from my phone's notepad and can't be fucked to go through it, lol