This story isn't short, but if you're looking for something scary to read about, it'll pay off. I wish I didn't have the knowledge to write what I'm about to write. I wish I didn't feel like I needed to get this out somewhere. I sometimes wish I hadn't found myself sitting in the back of that car on the way to Falspring. There are a lot of things that I wish were different right now.

Fingers of setting sunlight reached through the tall trees and stretched across the road, wrestling with adjacent claws of shadow. Pink clouds stretched across a quickly darkening atmosphere, spreading towards the blood-red sun. It was like a wound in the sky. It blinked through the trees as we went by, the nauseating strobe effect urging me to look away.


"Pennsylvania's a beautiful place, Will." My grandfather stated in a comforting voice as he began lowering my window. "You need some fresh air in you after all of that courthouse stink. Get some of that small town air in ya." He let out an empty chuckle. A cold draft was now blowing through my flannel, I tucked my arms in.

"Oh Marc, you'll freeze the poor boy." My grandmother spoke up. "He's just trying to rest. It's been a long day for all of us and he has to go to his new school tomorrow."

"You're right." Marc sighed. The crow's feet next to his eyes were deeper than I'd remembered them being. Grandma rested her head against the seat belt. I wondered how they could afford to send me to school, but let the thought drift out the window. We passed by that old wooden sign I'd forgotten about. 'Welcome to Falspring! Population 10,368'.

"It's ok grandpa, I don't mind it." The wind whipped into my soul, a cool rush of novocaine. I embraced the distraction, shiver fading as my mind grew accustomed.

"See, it's alright, Jan." Marc's hands gripped the wheel a little tighter. "The boy's a tough one. It'll be alright."

I pretended to slowly wake up when we arrived, keen to get to bed early. After they'd showed me to my room, I said goodnight and closed the door, flicking on the light switch.

It was a small room, bed up against the opposite wall. There was a window to the left, a desk beneath it, and in between them was a painting of a young lion walking with its mother and siblings. I turned to look at the other painting across the room. A young gazelle, eating some grass. I really was tired, so I shut off the light and laid down in bed. Sleep soon crept under my eyelids.

I dreamed of being in the car with mom and dad. I didn't know where we were headed. Something seemed wrong. My mother screamed "wait!" and all of a sudden there was a deafening crash and the grinding of metal. We were sent flying in a crumpled car. Broken glass and blood flew around the enclosed space and we were flung against our seat belts and airbags like rag dolls. I thought I saw something drift by one of the windows as I jolted awake, sweating.

I walked through the house with my empty backpack, filled with a mixture of anxiety and the nagging feeling that something was missing. I told myself to not think about it. I walked by African savannas and lions in frames, staring me down. I'd remembered visiting here several years ago, grandma had told me that lions were their favorite animal. It's the town's spirit animal, she had said. She wasn't exaggerating.

I stepped off the bus and watched droves of kids funneling and segregating themselves into groups as they slowly walked down the outdoor hallway that led to Falspring High School. I avoided the piercing blue sky, its brightness like a smug taunt. I glanced at a flagpole to my right. The school mascot, a lion, looked at me angrily from the flapping flag it was stitched into. A group of seniors who smelled heavily of cologne shouldered past me, causing me to sneeze.

"It's too cold for him." One of them jested, cracking the other guys up. "Pussy." I heard one of them say.

"Class, I want you all to give a warm welcome to our new student here, William Fields. He'll be with us from now on." My homeroom teacher looked around with still eyes and flashed a corny smile. He made some inside joke and everyone laughed. Everyone except for one person in the corner. She was a slight girl; a timid mouse in a room full of hungry rats. She wore a gold and orange letter jacket, a white blouse and black jeans. Hiding behind her book and parted bangs of wavy shoulder length brown hair, she met my curious look with one of thinly veiled apprehension before quickly looking back down at her novel.

Once it was lunchtime, I crossed the cafeteria, looking for a spot to sit alone. The school wasn't that huge so there weren't too many tables. I walked down one of the rows, my head on a swivel. The barest spot was in the back left, where there were about 5 seats empty at the end of a table. And on the outside corner was the girl from my class.

I didn't want to disturb her or make her feel intruded upon, so I came and sat in a seat across from her and to the left. I set down my tray of cheap cafeteria food, pulling out something to read from my backpack. A few minutes passed and I had relaxed a little when she spoke up, startling me.

"Why are you reading the geometry textbook?" She asked.

"I uh... I guess I was just trying to blend in here, sort of."

"It's not going to work if you're reading. Not too many people do that in this town, except for in church."

"Oh, my grandpa works there. He's a priest."

"Hmm. Are you religious?"

"Not... really. I, uh..."

"It's alright, I'm not either."

We ate in silence for a little while longer. She spoke up again. "How'd you end up here?"

I opened my mouth but shut it. I didn't know of any answer that could sound normal.

"I mean, you don't have to tell me. I don't want to be nosy."

"No no, it's ok. My um, my parents... they passed away not too long ago." It felt strange, saying it. I don't think I'd said it to anyone yet. I cleared my throat and stirred the mashed potatoes in my tray. "My grandparents wanted to take me in. They had the money apparently."

"Oh, I'm... I'm really sorry. I shouldn't have-"

"No, it's ok. Really. It's fine. I'm fine."

We sat like statues for a moment that seemed to last too long.

"What's your name again?"

"William. Er, just call me Will. If you call me. I mean, if you say my name."

She laughed a little and said her name was Evelyn May. Her green eyes shone brightly, two emeralds embedded in porcelain skin. I suddenly realized how beautiful she was. I would've tucked into my shell at this point but she wouldn't let me. She said we were going to be friends and I believed her.

The weeks went by so slowly. Because I wanted them to. There was nothing I wanted to think about besides Evelyn. Any other thoughts were accompanied by apprehension or sadness. My mind was made of rain clouds and Evelyn was the sun. I'd become disillusioned and lost sight of the world, and now I was beginning to see it through Evelyn's eyes. Colors more vivid than I had ever seen before. The way the world wrote its own poetry through nature, as she had said. The sound of god whispering through the trees in the breeze. The real god, whoever that may be. Not Falspring's version or anybody else's. I could begin to see and hear what she could. And now I couldn't see it or hear it without her. Maybe that's part of the reason why we became inseparable. I didn't want to let it go.

I traded seats with somebody so I could sit next to her in class. We would pretend we were spies; double agents behind enemy lines. We passed each other notes, sometimes encrypted, sometimes not. One day Mr. Fitzgerald grabbed a note off of her desk and read it out loud to the class. "This is so boring." The class burst out laughing as we laughed along with them.

"If you two keep up that opinion, you might just end up working in that old coal mine." Mr. Fitzgerald said with a grin. "Maybe that would be a little less boring than class, perhaps."

"That coal mine's been shut down for years!" A jock named Greg exclaimed.

"Very astute of you, Mr. Willson. That is true."

"Thanks, teach." He said proudly before popping his pencil eraser back into his mouth.

"And now it's a place for vagabonds, kidnappers and runaways to hang around. No place for the likes of any of us, if I can help it. Very dangerous. So, Evelyn and William, you best keep your studies up. Do we have an agreement?"

"Yes sir."

-----------------------------------------------------------------

The January snow slowly drifted down around us in a cold waltz. The wind occasionally blew, sending light flurries of ice into our hoods. The sun was beginning to make its descent behind the forest, and the orange light and shadows spread out from the treeline in intermittent jagged lines, which draped over the playground like tired, limp fingers.

The playground was fairly small; it sat on the edge of town in a small clearing bordering the woods. You almost couldn't see it at noon with the blinding snow blanketing everything. But it stood out now. A strangely welcoming series of metal shapes stood solemnly in a circle, but their darkening, shadowed silhouettes stretched out across the snow towards us like two dimensional caricatures. Sneering, flat, abstract demons, bending in our direction. It was a strange duality. But I suppose everything under the sun has a shadow.

We cleared off the snow on part of the merry-go-round, sitting ourselves down. The cold from the metal seeped into my bones but I was warm enough sitting next to Evelyn. Our shoulders pressed together, we couldn't have been more comfortable out there. It was getting much darker but I could still see a few small rays of sun stretching out from in between branches, the falling snow illuminated by them. It was so peaceful.

"Will... I like you."

I felt my chest burn like lava had just been poured down my throat. I didn't know how to respond.

"I like you too."

We sat and enjoyed the moment for a while longer. She took a breath and spoke up again.

"I want to tell you something. Something about my life. About this town. I don't know why, but I keep getting the feeling that this is something you need to know, despite how silly it sounds."
"Nothing you say sounds silly, Evy. You can tell me anything."
She took another deep breath and looked down, and then looked away.

"My mother disappeared 4 years ago."

"...Evy"

"It's ok, Will. Just like you said about yourself, I'm ok. I've learned to live with it. Since then my house has been different. The town has seemed different. My dad says that this town is like a puddle of water. Stagnant, he always says. It's been left unchanged for so long that it's become rotten and festering with disease. But it looks just like any other puddle. Looks just like any other town.

We haven't been to my house yet because my dad is just... He's so sad. He hides it. He drinks. He smokes. He doesn't make eye contact with me very often. He says the town did what it had to and took her away from him. At times he's said that there's no one you can really trust here. And I don't trust them. You shouldn't either. I don't know what's wrong with this town but something is definitely not right. It's never been right."

I continued to stare through the metal skeleton of the playground, out into the field of snow and ice that stretched out all around us. I felt like a hook was being dragged against the inside of my skull. Something gnawing, something that had awoken just then. I didn't have a name for it at the time. I couldn't place it. But I forgot all about it for a little while.

"Will." I felt Evelyn's fingers starting to lock with mine, and I reciprocated.

"Will."I turned to look at her. Snowflakes fell between our faces, making the moment somehow seem less solitary. The world seemed to be a standstill and there was a warm tension in the air. My heart was beating faster.

"Do you trust me?"

"Of course, Evelyn. That's a dumb question. I'm the outsider here. You're the only person I really know anymore. You're the only person who really knows me. I trust you more than anyone."

She smiled and looked away.

"Do you trust me?" I asked.

Her eyes locked with mine once again and they began to mist. 

"You might be the only person I trust, Will."

Our grip tightened for a second, as if we were each making sure the other was actually real. The snow was falling heavier now but I barely noticed. She was so warm. We began to get closer. Time was slowing down. This was something I'd yearned for. So why did something feel out of place right now?

Oh. I had just realized what the hook inside of what head was. What that gnawing feeling was from. The word for it finally came to me. Fear.

I glanced to the left, towards part of the treeline. Something was moving.

"Evy."

She followed my gaze and saw what I was seeing. Something against the trees. It was too dark to tell what, exactly. There was one dim, fluorescent lamp post in this park, and it was behind us, on the opposite edge of the playground. The pale, blueish light could only reach so far. But whatever was against the trees was moving. A quick movement, sort of going from left to right, back and forth.

I began to make out the shape as my eyes adjusted to the dark more. A tall shape. Feet. Arms. Man shaped. It was walking towards us. I grabbed Evelyn's other hand and we began backing up. I could now make out the feet on this thing as it slowly made its way into the edge of the pale light. Whoever it was, they were wearing all black. They had a black mask on too. Their pace steadily slowed and they entered the light more slowly, cautiously.
"Who is that?" I called out.

The figure stopped for a second. No answer. And then the movements picked up again. Except they were slower this time. Yet jerky. Almost robotic. The figure slowly continued to walk towards us through the snow until it stopped about 20 yards away. And then it just stood there. Arms hanging limp at the sides, feet shoulder-width apart. And it just stood. I squinted my eyes and I could see that the thing was... shaking. Shaking with what appeared to be anticipation.

"Will. Fuck. What... who is that?" Evelyn let out a gasping sob.

"Shh...shh." My whispers came out shuddering and pathetic, and the fog of my breath vanished quickly like a frightened ghost. "Evy, we need to get out of here. But I think that person might be faster than us, and town is a quarter of a mile away. If it moves, we move. But for now just hold still. I don't know what else to do."

"Ok."

The figure continued to stand there, staring at us. It clenched its fists and I instinctively held Evy's hand tighter. It started to take a step forward and then it stopped mid-step. The thing slowly lowered its foot down, began to rotate away from us, and started walking.

Back towards the forest.

"What the fuck." I whispered, more to myself than to Evelyn. We waited until the thing disappeared into the treeline and then we took off running. Once we made it into town we stopped to catch our breath before slowly walking back to her house, which I insisted on. My house wasn't too far from hers, and it was on the way anyways. We didn't say much. Once we parted at her gate, I headed back home as fast as I could.

"Are you alright, son? You look a little shook up."

The living room glowed with the warmth of the fire and my grandparents sat together on one of the couches. Jan was curled up reading a book, blowing whisps of her gray hair off of her reading glasses and Marc sat with one leg rested on the other, a glass of whiskey in his lap. He wore a concerned look.

"No, I am! I mean, yeah. I'm alright."

"How's Evelyn doing?" Jan piped up, the points of a smile creeping onto her cheeks. I hoped the amber light of the fire hid my face well enough.

"She's alright! We were just walking around, stopped by the park. That's all."

"Well that sounds nice. You just be careful out there. I don't want you wandering around late at night, young man."

"Ah Janet, give it a rest already. It's young love, let the man live his life. We've all got our own lives to live, haven't we? Just cause' this is a small town doesn't mean we got to always go riflin' around in everybody's business. Especially not a young man's." He said as he winked at me. Jan groaned and Marc let out a belly laugh and sipped at his drink.

"Well... I'm gonna head for bed now, guys."

"Goodnight son!" They trilled.

I furrowed my brow as I turned around. It still makes me uncomfortable when they say that.

Laying in my room with the lights off, I couldn't help but think about that scene. It had been on my mind since it occurred. I chose to try to brush it off as a random, isolated incident but it just kept nagging at me. I eventually slipped into an uncomfortable sleep.

[Part 2](https://www.reddit.com/r/shortstories/comments/44vmw7/rfms_hymn_of_the_lions_part_2/)