Rodney, Trey and Derek were having lunch at a nearby fast food place on a dark afternoon. The Restaurant was located right next to the woods.
As Rodney finished his burger he says  In the woods there is a house haunted by an old man that died 200 years ago that slaughters children. His name is Edmond. I will give both of you guys $500 if you stay there tonight.
He is dead so I say we do it Trey said to Derek who was silently munching his burger.
Sure, I doubt anything will go wrong. Derek said
The boys finish their food and they are getting ready to enter the woods. Its getting dark and the woods are looking creepier than ever. Trey and Derek throw their burger wrappers in the dirty old looking trash can. Its around 6 pm and Derek and Trey are walking toward the scary looking woods in this dark evening. They are at the edge of the woods and treys face is not looking so confident.
I dont know if we should do this, Trey said shakily
Its okay man Edmond wont be there and we will be paid good money man! Derek said in an unsure voice. Derek sets the first step inside the woods and treys face is looking super scared. The abandoned house is half a mile away. When the boys arrive Its pitch black; you could only see with treys flash light. The old wooden house was very old with dark green mold on it. It was small and the windows were shattered. On one of the rusty wooden walls it said DONT ENTER, with red paint or maybe it was childrens blood? The extremely frightened boys Enter the house and they decide to sleep close to the front door so they could get out of the house easily if necessary.
Its Midnight, Trey and Derek are asleep and nothing has gone wrong yet.
I heard the leaves crackling Derek whispered to Trey.
I heard it too, I am scared what do we do man? Trey whispered in a scared voice.
Its coming closer and closer. The sound of dead leaves crackling is like their faith coming to an end. Trey looks outside of the broken window and he sees nothing. The sound of footsteps are becoming clearer and clearer. Now Derek looks outside and again nothing. The sound of leaves crackling under the footsteps has suddenly stopped. Now both of them have a look outside and they see a small man with a long black beard and white robe which has blood stains on them. He had a lot of scars on his face and he looks very feisty. The man is holding an axe in his right hand and he starts approaching the house. The legend of Edmond was true; he does slaughter children.