Chapter Two  Nah.

Jebs body remained frozen in shock as the left arm of the Thrasher that had been blown through the drywall rolled and came to a stop a few feet in front of him.  Jeb, Hideki, and the other Thrashers eyes followed the trail of body parts and blood to the gaping hole in the wall just in time to see the last thrasher who had been in the back room try to run out of the newly formed exit. Half of him made it. It was too fast for the human eye to follow, but Jeb saw it. A long black arm extended out behind the running thrasher and tore through the lower torso right above the pelvis. As the upper half of the body fell through the hole it toppled over the debris leaving a slick trail of blood. 

Jeb would have remained paralyzed if it wasnt for a strange burning sensation he felt in the back of his neck. Rolling around on the ground he desperately pleaded with the remaining two Thrashers. 

PLEASE! PLEASE, JUST LET ME GO. I DONT WANT TO DIE HERE. Jebs voice was cracked and straining to get the attention of the two standing above him. 

What the fuck just happened?! Hideki screamed as he reached for his Assault Rifle that had been slung across his back. 

JESUS CHRIST I CANT DO THIS! The other gang member screamed and made a beeline towards the twisted frame of the front door that had taken the full force of the earlier break in. He didnt make it far beyond the reception area. What looked like a ball of dark red energy; as if Jeb was watching an old re run of Monster-Ball Y (a popular kids show Jeb often watched as a kid growing up) struck the fleeing Thrasher directly in the back. It almost seemed to hover in place for a moment before the Thrasher disappeared from the realm of existence in a large and powerful explosion that rocked the lobby and tore through the ceiling. 

Hideki and Jeb were forcefully displaced as the shockwave spread through the lobby. Jeb went spinning across the floor and slammed into the concrete wall on the opposite side and cracking it, an impact that would have crushed his spine had he been normal. Hideki was lifted up off his feet and flew into the wall above him with a sickening crunch and collapsed to the ground motionless. 

Jebs body was racked by waves of pain, his neck was still burning, he had successfully reopened the earlier head wound and found himself another new one. Jesus. Fuck. God. I fuck. Oh my fuck god. Was the only stream of conscious thought racing through his brain. As he opened the eye not caked with blood, an image came slowly into focus. Through the gaping hole in the wall a figure slowly started to emerge. 

It stood over 3 meters tall. Its form loosely resembled that of a human, although its outline would often flicker as if its body was not suited to the shape. It had jet black skin and glowing yellow eyes. Its feet, if you could call them feet, were disjointed and broken, with long, black claws that extended almost a foot in front of it. They made loud clicking noises as it came through the hole and stepped onto the tile floor, now slick with blood. As Jebs eye looked up at the creature, the more frightened he became and the burning on the back of his neck increased in intensity. Its arms were long, the forearms looked to have a blade embedded in them along the length, and the edge reflecting what little light was left from the intact light fixtures. At its fingertips were long and jagged claws of varying lengths with blood slowly dripping off them onto the floor. As Jebs eye reached the head of the monster, his blood ran cold. Its jaw looked as if it had been permanently unhinged, filled with rows of teeth, all jagged and several inches in length. A long and forked tongue could be seen flitting around the inside of the mouth, cleaning the many rows of teeth from the blood from his victims. It had no nose and no ears. The black mass that contained such terror inducing maws was punctuated by two eyes, the edges glowing yellow with the inside filled with a dark grey void. Its breath was ragged and it made guttural noises as if the inside of its body was screaming. 

Jeb remained as still as he possibly could, unable to get up since his arms were still bound behind him. The monster looked around the room, seemingly looking for something. It was at that moment, Jebs neck burst into pain and the monsters head immediately swiveled and locked eyes with the figure lying in a heap on the ground. 

This is how I die. This is how my life comes to an end. I I wanted to do more. Jeb was thinking as the creature let out a shrill and broken scream and lunged towards him. 
Jeb watched the creature swing its bladed arm down at his head in slow motion.  As his eyes tracked the arm swinging in he noticed the creatures arm detach and start to sail over his head until hitting the wall behind and falling in a nearby pile of dirt and debris. The creature almost looked surprised, (if it had the capacity to make facial expressions) as its head tilted to look where its arm had been only moments before. A dark red oil like substance began pouring out where the arm had formerly resided. The creature started to stagger backward shrieking and spraying its strange fluid all around the room. 

Lets keep our hands to ourselves shall we? A voice echoed across the destroyed lobby. 
Jeb, now ecstatic that his life was extended by a few minutes, angled his head towards the new sound. 

Standing in the doorway was a slender figure wrapped in a cloak. The figures face was hidden in the shadow of the deep hood and in its left hand it carried a long katana. Something about the sword struck Jeb as odd. The katana was almost two feet longer than what he thought was considered normal and was a deep black with gold etchings around the sheathe. Upon closer inspection, the figures left arm was wrapped in a chain of some sort. 

It was at this point where Jeb decided that this had to be a dream. (He was a very vivid dreamer) and that he would jolt awake in his empty apartment to the musical stylings of Walk the Moon. 

The cloaked figure spoke again. I really dont have time for this. 

The figure started to draw the katana and instantly disappeared. It materialized in front of the monster and Jeb could barely even blink, the figure was back in the doorway re-sheathing his blade. 

The monster shrieked again and took one step towards the figure in the doorway before lines appeared all over its body and it split into multiple pieces in a geyser of the oily substance that Jeb could only assume was its lifeblood. As the parts lay on the floor, they slowly faded into ash. 

It was at this point Jeb realized somehow the bonds behind his back had also been cut and he scrambled to his feet, almost slipping twice on the pools of blood that populated the floor. As he stood and looked in the direction of his savior, he saw the figure remove the hood to expose a long brown pony tail punctuated with pink streaks and a familiar face. Her eyes were much more serious and attentive, but it was the girl from the video game store. She turned her head skyward to a small hold that had formed after the multiple explosions to expose the gray sky outside and said God, I really hate weather.

Jeb, who had been beaten, bruised, terrified, concussed, and reality shattered in a mere few hours had finally had enough. As the adrenaline and sheer terror that had been powering his body to stay awake was wearing off, he had decided that this was a dream and whispered quietly nah. Before fading into unconsciousness for the second time that day, falling to the floor in heap. 

The girl, still in her video game store uniform (with the addition of the cloak) just stared blankly at the unconscious Jeb.  She blinked twice, held her sword out in front of her and whispered something. It disappeared in a flash of purple light. She then started to walk toward his body. 

Chapter 3  Food?


Jeb awoke in morning sharply. His eyes barely registered the 6:00 AM hologram floating brightly above his alarm clock blaring one of his favorite songs by Walk the Moon that he had found searching in an old music store debris on the outskirts of the forbidden zone. As he turned to snooze his alarm, his head exploded in pain. I must have hit my head during that crazy dream. Jeb muttered as he finished turning off the alarm clock and tried to make sense of the series of events that caused him such painful and restless sleep. Jeb decided he needed to take some painkillers and sleep it off some more. As he ventured into the bathroom, he looked in the mirror only to notice he was wearing a hoodie. Well thats weird, I dont remember putting this on before bed last night. As he started to peel the sweatshirts off his body he instantly became awake and aware of the bruises and cuts all over his body. What the fu-OW his explicative was cut short as he mistakenly touched his ribs and triggered a wave of pain. After a very long struggle, he finally removed the ragged hoodie from his body and started to throw it on the floor. There is no way that dream was real. He began chanting it to himself as if it would rid him of the very vivid memories from his dream. THERE IS NO WAY THA- his chanting was cut short after his hoodie hit the ground and a metallic plink was heard. 

Jeb realizing that bending down to lift up the sweatshirt would take an insane amount of effort given his current state, decided to flick it over with his foot. The rusted ring with the chain fell out of the deep hood. What in the world Jeb trailed off after coming to the conclusion that somehow when he threw it over his shoulder it must have somehow become trapped in his hood. This of course, also meant Jeb had come to the conclusion that what happened was not actually a dream and today was Thursday, April 28th 2040. He bent down to pick up the ring only to immediately drop it after it was searing hot to the touch. This is what made my neck feel like it was on fire then. He decided to leave it where it was and try to make sense of his situation. 

On top of feeling like he was hit by a semi-truck, he realized that he was incredibly hungry as the last meal he could remember that he had was a handful of stale pretzels. I didnt even buy any god damn groceries either he muttered as he limped into the kitchen. As Jeb walked past the living room, he noticed something on the lone beanbag in the corner of the room. Rather, it wasnt something, it was someone. 

Oh no. no no no no no no no no Jeb closed the door and opened it several times to reveal the same scene with the same figure sitting on the beanbag staring blankly back at him. The figure was in fact the same katana wielding, vague, and terrible conversationalist that had decimated the creature Jeb was perfectly fine with pretending that it never existed. Why. Why are you here? Jeb stopped questioning her to look down at her feet to see the empty bag of pretzels. You literally ate the last edible thing in this entire apartment. Jeb felt like crying. 

Food? She asked Jeb. 

Excuse me? Jeb replied after a few seconds. 

Yeah Im really hungry so I was wondering if you had any more food? she elaborated on her earlier statement. 

You know what? Fuck it. Lets go get some food. Jeb was hungry, tired, in pain, and wanted to understand what in the world was happening. 

The girls demeanor suddenly changed at the mention of food, she leaped up at almost inhuman speed and let out a huge smile as she took strides towards the door. As she was about to grab the handle she suddenly stopped. 

You might want to grab your Divine Gift too as she gestured to the bathroom. 

My Divine Gift? Jeb stared at her with a confused look on his face. 

The ring, jackass. Its been trying to get your attention ever since last night and I dont want the void walkers to get their hands on it and with that, she turned on her heel and promptly walked out the door.

Jeb walked the bathroom and stared at the ring before picking it up again, the searing heat had receded leaving him holding a warm and now bright silver ring with inscriptions all over it. He shoved it into his pocket, grabbed his backup hoodie and followed her out the door.



Chapter 4  Rae 


Jeb found himself sitting in a booth of a local fast food restaurant. The hard material the booth was constructed out of was providing uncomfortable pressure on his injuries. He grimaced as he shifted around a few times until he found a semi-comfortable position. 
The mysterious girl opposite Jeb was on her fourth burger. She ate if there was just a tear in the space time continuum located in her stomach and the food would fall into a void and disappear forever. As she wolfed down her food, Jeb decided it was time to get at least one or two answers. 

If Im going to keep supplying the black hole that is your stomach, I would like a little information. I have had a realllllllly rough day yesterday so I figured we should communicate a little more about what in the world is going on He opened the conversation hesitantly but with the new addition of food in his belly, his confidence had spiked for the first time in 24 hours. For starters, your name, what is it? 

Rae She replied in between bites. 


It was at this moment our old friend Hideki decided to walk into the fast food restaurant. After being mistaken as a victim of the bank robbery incident and massacre (local news has had a field day in light of the recent events) he was taken to the hospital where he was treated. Luckily he only had minor injuries as he hit a painting on the wall which acted as a buffer for what would have been a fatal blow. On crutches he hobbled into the automatic door. As the doors slid open, he immediately recognized Jeb and decided that he just wasnt that into the idea of going back to prison if Jeb he were to make a scene and identify him. Hideki pulled a clumsy U-turn and immediately hobbled out of the restaurant to head back to his rundown apartment. 


Rae huh? Well Im Jeb. Thats J-E-B (a habit he had formed after countless people not being able to understand how his name was spelled). 

Cool Rae responded as she was unwrapping her fifth burger, shutting out the outside world. 

Its like talking to a god damn wall, he placed his forehead on the cool table and closed his eyes. 

As Rae finished eating her bodyweight in fast food, she calmly wiped her mouth and hands and looked up to address Jeb. Im going to tell you a lot of things and its going to be hard to follow. There actually is such thing as a stupid question, so dont ask any. But you need to understand what is happening and that you cant go back to the life you had. 

Rae began to outline the current situation and explained what Divine Gifts were. 

150 some years ago there was an accident. Researches that were studying and attempting to create antimatter were using a particle accelerator and miscalculated the amount that they would be able to generate. What they created was one of the most devastating things to ever happen to this world. The antimatter they created, while it was one of the greatest scientific feats this world had ever seen, it was also the most dangerous, Rae paused to shove a handful of fries in her mouth, You see, the antimatter that they created was too much, too unstable. It started to tear the fabric of this world. One day it went critical, the resulting explosion sent small concentrated pieces of antimatter all over the world. Each location it hit caused devastation atom bombs could only dream of. Your history book will have probably told you that all of that destruction came from the war. Well that was the easiest explanation they had available at that time. That helped cover the truth for a short while. These pieces of antimatter caused the Forbidden Zones you have come to know today. It would be one thing if the destruction was the only thing we had to deal with. Humanity can always rebuild, but its what the antimatter opened the door for that caused the real reason for humanity to fear.
Rae paused, eyeing a lone fry that had seemingly escaped the vacuum that was her mouth. After what seemed like a small internal debate she decided to leave it alone and finish her story. I mentioned that the antimatter was tearing at the fabric of our world, what we didnt know is what was on the other side of that fabric. We still dont know what doorway was opened by the antimatter but we know what exists on the other side. Beasts, monsters, and nightmares incarnate. What started to emerge out of those forbidden zones no one could have predicted. The general term for the demons and twisted lifeforms that was adopted is Void Walkers. Void Walkers appear in different forms and are classified based on their spiritual power or energy. What you encountered was a grunt, a Leecher. Leechers are the most abundant form of Void Walker we have encountered. While not overly hard to deal with for us Divine Gift holders, they are no match for normal humans. In fact, I was impressed you were still alive until I realized what you were. Leechers have the ability to feed on life energy and grow in power until they evolve. However, the emergence of Void Walkers caused another strange shift in humanity, the appearance of us, Heroes of the Void (HoV). The HoV was founded in order to stop the Void Walkers from wiping out humanity. As a Hero of the Void we have had our very being affected by the antimatter, giving us advanced strength, intuition, stamina, reflexes, and the ability to use Divine Gifts.  

Rae stopped again and had decided to go ahead and eat the fry that she had denied earlier. It seems as though her earlier internal debate had taken a drastic turn. After savoring the last fry, she had a distant, almost faraway look in her eyes. As if the fry was the last good thing in this world and now it was gone. After several moments of what Jeb could only assume was introspective self-reflection, she continued where she left off. Divine gifts are ancient artifacts that have been here since the time of the gods, each gift having a different power and different forms, which allow us to fight back. Divine Gifts choose their master and It appears one has chosen you. Furthermore, the HoV tracks all known Divine Gifts and this one is unclassified and recently appeared on our radar with you in tow. Now that another one of us has been found, you need to receive training and join the fight against the Void Walkers.

Jebs head was reeling. Everything he had known, every feeling of being different, every aspect of his life had been flipped upside down and rearranged. He didnt know how it was going to turn out, he didnt know what he was going to do or how to do it, and he sure as hell didnt know why he was chosen, but deep down he knew he had been waiting for something like this a very, very long time. Im in. Jeb rose to his feet and looked Rae directly in the eyes. 

Why are you standing up? And sweet, you didnt really have choice but Im glad you are on board, its a little easier this way. Once you rest up and pack a bag, we will take you to the HoV HQ and get you integrated. Ill be around to keep an eye on you and make sure you survive until we get there. We will leave in one week, Rae finished talking to Jeb and left to take care of preparations. 

One week huh? Thats not a lot of time, but first I need to rest Jeb thought to himself as he painfully walked the road back to his apartment. But for the first time since he was a little kid, slaying imaginary monsters in his backyard, he stepped into his apartment a Hero. 


Chapter 5  Fucking Privileged


Jeb sat in his lone beanbag chair thinking about the monumental shift that was going to happen in his life. Im going to be a hero. Im going to leave this normal life. Im going to have to leave my home, he looked around his barren, desolate, and generally empty apartment as he thought. You know what, I just need this beanbag and some clothes so realistically it wont take long to pack. What if I filled my bean bag chair with my clothes?......Maybe, he still had four days before packing was even a necessary thing. With all these swirling thoughts and emotions bouncing around like the last tic-tac in the box that was the inside of his head, his fingers slowly found the power button to his PV4 (Play Virtual 4, a new gen gaming console that was released the previous year), slipped in his game of choice and thought to himself Ill just worry about this stuff tomorrow as he continued to level up his Tank-class warrior. He often sought roles in games that provided some sort of support. Without characters like a tank to take the beating, and keep the attention of the enemies, the people he cared about wouldnt be able to survive, as they were too squishy to survive sustained combat. Elf-Mage types are so fucking privileged was the new subject on his mind immediately after one particular Elf-Mage had taken it upon himself to shoulder the title of Gods Gift to the Dungeon of Khazad-Dun and lecture Jeb about proper tanking maneuver. His internal monologue continued for quite some time, involving key points such as: I could spam a fireball 30 feet back too if I didnt have to do IMPORTANT shit like maintain aggro; Let me guess, Im not going to get this rare item drop, oh look, I didnt; if this fucker doesnt stop leaping in front of the bosss super move I am going to lose my mind. The loud thoughts and emotions that had previously had a shouting match in his brain soon began to slowly fade into the background. And with that, another day passed. 
