The moment I first saw her I didn't feel much. She was just another pretty face I usually wouldn't see around, but also wouldn't care to act on, or so I thought. I remember seeing photos of her from a friend a few weeks ago. 

Later that evening I got introduced to her. I didn't expect much from this moment so I asked her if she wanted to grab some free drinks by the bar. After having a short conversation with her on what we were drinking and how relaxing the beach was we separated. I decided to walk alone on the beach and have a cigarette. 

As I was walking I suddenly felt someone hold my hand. That hand held mine in a way I've never felt before. To my surprise, it was her. I was speechless when I looked back at her. She had an expression of calmness on her and and she asked me if she could join me. 

We walked on the sand a couple of minutes without talking. The sky was full of stars with no moon and all we could hear was the sound of waves crashing. 
The silence of us made me think how lucky we were to have met at such a place. But the silence ended when she said my name. We laid down to look at the stars and we talked about how perfect it was and at the back of my head I was telling her she was perfect too although, all I did was agree to whatever she was saying. I was so entranced at how this girl was speaking that If life had a narrator I'd pick her. She moved closer to me and asked me to hold her hand again. I looked at her and finally told her how beautiful she is. I could've sworn at that moment that I was going to fall in love. She whispered something to me that I will forever remember and kissed me. 

It's been a year since that moment. It was a week later that I found out she was in a relationship already and that they've been with each other for 3 years. Maybe you could say that love can be measured with time, but to me, it really all just depends on coincidence. Today, I could still say that I love her because she whispered to me that day a year ago that she loved me too.