So when I started writing this it was to be the guide to a D&D encounter.  
  
---
The group heads toward the village, the day was clear and bright, clouds on the horizon but way off.  The road was well maintained, the trees and bushes cut back, and the way markers clearly visible.  As the party walked on toward through the countryside, the air grew still, the birds quiet and other animals were nowhere to be found.  The way markers glowed with a color that can only come from magic, clearly a wizards work, but as the party road onward they changed color to a red warning.  The group road quicker as they hoped they were not too late.  They rounded a small rolling hill to see the village, the walls reflecting the bright sunlight, the gate open to all.  As they passed through the gate on to the main thoroughfare the shops appeared to be empty.  They dismounted and slowly, cautiously walked down to the main square, wary of danger as something was clearly wrong.  In the middle of the square sat a small park, what was once a green space now was a scorched patch of earth, piles of ashes where one could only guess what it originally were.  The blackened husk of what would have been an elderwood tree leaned forlornly with what looked to be a corpse at the base.  The only building on the edge of the square that was not burned by on some way was the stone grain store.  The doors were open and bodies were strewn about inside, blood coating the grain dried in rust colored pools.  The dead were covered with claw marks, wounds where teeth sunk deep to kill but not to feed.  As the group investigated the dead, trying to discern what had happened, what had killed these people, and more importantly if one of them was the wizard they needed.  Whatever had done this wanted the town's people to suffer because  the corpses of the children were had been nailed to the roof beams, alive until they slowly bled out on to their parents below.  

Outside there came a crash as the burnt husk of the elderwood crumbled and fell onto the cobblestones.  The party rushed to investigate, weapons at the ready and through the ash hanging in air they could see a faint light emanating from the body at the base of the new stump.  The clothing torn to rags clothed the body once were rich silks from lands far away, colored and embroidered with a style not know to these territories.  The flesh of his/her left arm had been nearly stripped off leaving the muscle and tendon showing along with looked like sigils made from obsidian but were under the remains of the skin and open to the air where it had been torn away.  The flesh of the face was just gone, the eyes remained intact but there was no indication from the face if the body was male or female, then again the party never was never told who or what the wizard was.  The body looked human in shape but easily could have been Elvin or any of the humanoid creatures that had similar pigmentation.  
  

The body wheezed in the ash filled air, a labored hard fought breath.  The muscles tighten and contracted across the skull as the wizards facial expression changed while unconscious.  Fire coalesced around the wizards fingertips and began to burn bright, in the noon day sunlight, soon becoming a white ball of flame brighter and brighter leaving after images streaking across the party's vision.  The heat radiating forcing the group to step back, raising their arms to shield their eyes from the light and flame, toasting their exposed skin.  
  

The paladin stepped forward shield raised and laid a hand on the wizards leg, chanting his prayer, feeling the healing powers surge down his arm and into the wizard.  The wizard gasped and moaned as the healing brought some of his senses back to working order.  The bleeding began and the blood flowed from wounds all over the wizards body.  The ball of fire winked out and the majority of the wounds sealed, seared by fire the blood trickled out slowly from muscles on the skinless head.  
  

The air still shimmered with the heat and after effects of high energy magic.  The wizard groaned again and relaxed, heat still radiating from the destroyed flesh.  The paladin stood and surveyed the area, the rest of the party moved a bit closer even though there was nothing to do but wait until the wizard healed enough to regain consciousness.  
  

The dead ground crunched underfoot and stirred up ash which clung to everything.  The ranger looked into one of the larger piles of ash poking with an arrow tip until he found some fragments of unusual bone.  The fragments did not look human at all not did they resemble any animal he had hunted, and they retained some residual magic in them.  
  

The rogue carefully inspected what was left of the wizards gear, keeping a healthy distance in case the wizard had warded anything of the possessions.  The light robe was in tatters, stained with blood, claws not weapons had done the damage.  The rogue not even magically attuned in the slightest could feel the thrum of power emanating from the staff, dark wood, sigils burnt into the length of it, a spike of obsidian on one end and what appeared to just a hard knot at the other end.  Now and then a flicker of magic and fire illuminated a sigil, which kept everyone in the group away from it.  The rogue noticed a leather sheath at the small of the wizards back, a jeweled handle of a dagger protruded.  The leather of the sheath was finely tooled and clearly was something special.  
  

The paladin could sense something was not quite right, some just at the edge of his senses just kept nagging at him.  Not the obvious presence of something evil, but a lingering feeling of dread, fear, and hate.  He Shrugged it off, figuring it was the disquiet spirits of the recently deceased.  He walked to the grain store and began to consecrate the ground where the town's inhabitants died.  
  

The rogue nodded to the ranger toward a footpath away from the market square with a thaumaturgical lit sign pointing the way to the wizard's shop of elixirs and rare herbs and spices.  Wait, that was weird thought the rogue, it's just a symbol why would he know the wizard also sold spices and herbs?  He looked again at the marker, no it's just a sign, a symbol of an elixir bottle.  
  

The ranger frowned as he felt the thought appear on his head, Elixirs, spices and herbs.  Magic he knew, but from enchanted objects he wondered how often the wizard had to recast the spell to keep the markers working.  Most of the wizards, mages, enchanters he had met tended to be inconsistent with little things like the markers, it troubled him.  
  

The paladin felt something, someone else, near by, watching them.  The feeling slowly built until he felt the weight of it upon him.  He looked around and only saw the ravens on the eaves of the market square buildings, watching and waiting for them to leave so they may feast upon the dead.  The paladin bashed his sword against his shield and yelled at the birds to scatter them.  
  

The birds soared into the air and began circling the market square, round and round and with each loop they gain in numbers and flew faster and faster.  The ranger and rogue retreated from the edge of the square to where the paladin stood his ground.  The cries of the birds grew louder and louder with each passing second and then the paladin felt it, the evil presence he couldn't just pin down earlier.  
  

The birds in one unified cry all converged, a single mass of beady eyes, beaks feathers and talons.  A black robed figure dropped on to the cobblestones, landing lightly, and then standing tall, towering above the party, features obscured by the hood.  As the party watched this creature appear all along the square mutated, decayed  insects lined up, surrounding the party.  
  

The ranger noticed the creatures first, no bigger than a dog, covered in decay and pustules which looked ready to explode.  The rogue readied his crossbow while the ranger unslung her spear and planted it in the ground within arms reach while drawing an arrow with the other hand.  The paladin stepped forward and raised his shield and drew his war-hammer.  
  

The figure spoke, a deep gravelly voice that was cold and empty, at first it spike in a language they could not understand, and then paused tilted its head and spoke again in common.  "Leave this place, leave me to what is mine, there is nothing here for you but death.".  
  

The party prepares for a fight since they cant move the wizard so near death.  
  

LEAVE NOW!  It thundered.  
---  
  
This is nothing special, I just wanted to let everyone else out there enjoy it as much as I did writing it.  
Clearly my Reddit formatting needs work hence the edits