Mastema shivered in the cold. She was born in Hell, with no mortal soul in her body. She was an infernal fiend, through and through. There was nothing about her that was used to the freezing temperatures of Cocytus, the frozen seventh layer of Hell, ruled by Baalzebul. Mastema walked briskly through the frozen halls the floating ice palace Betzebbul, where Baalzebul ruled with an iron fist. Mastema passed thousands of souls silently frozen into the walls of the palace, each frozen into horrified poses of pain and terror. She finally reached the cold doors to the throne room. The guards, a pair of Ice Devils, kneeled before her as she approached, and the doors swung open. She marched through, and knelt before the collection of insects in ruined Angelic armor that was Baalzebul.
	
My lord, she said, her voice deep and crisply punctuated, I have been sent to take care of some... miscreants in your realm. 

Baalzebul cocked his terrible head, and boomed, I have no need of your services, Assassin. I am perfectly capable of dealing with these rebels myself. Leave. 

Mastema replied, My lord, with all due respect, this is not a matter of competence. She simply wants it done discreetly, and immediately. 

Baalzebul sighed, and said, Then do what you must. I expect it done by the end of the day. Mastema rolled her eyes, hidden behind her mask, and said, Of course, my lord.

She left. She smiled as she did, for she knew that her gun barrel would grow hot with use on this day. As she marched out, she signaled to the Ice Devils to follow her. The trio marched down the long hall, out the palace gates, and into the cold. She put her hood up and headed to her chariot, a sleek affair pulled by two winged Infernal clydesdales. The Ice Devils held onto the sides of the chariot as it took off into the air, and headed down towards the icy oceans below. 

She landed outside the settlement, a sprawling expanse of tormented iron and jagged ice. She slipped on a ring of invisibility and threw one to each of the Ice Devils. They walked into the settlement unnoticed and headed to a small Tavern in the center of town. They entered the cellar, and looked at a huddled group of damned souls plotting. - we'll infiltrate the palace here, and then we'll plant the charges here, and here, and here. We'll then exfiltrate via Alstorge and Heristage. Once we're clear we'll blow the charges and bring the palace down. We'll lose the prisoners, but that's an operational cost. Any questions?

Mastema raised her carbine and said, Just one. Who are Alstorge and Heristage? The rebel leader reflexively responded, saying, The gold dragons who are supporting us in He- hang on, which one of you said that?! Mastema fired her carbine, shredding the rebel leader and shattering her invisibility. Two barbarians charged her but were impaled on the edges of the spears carried by the Ice Devils, who became visible as the blood dripped from their hafts and ice started to form on the barbarians wounds. Mastema opened fired on the other rebels as they tried to flee. 

No witnesses! she ordered. The Ice Devils marched up the stairs to the Tavern and began slaughtering rebels and patrons alike as Mastema exited the establishment and began flinging fireballs at the buildings in the town, shattering steel and melting ice. There would be no survivors of her wrath. Sniper fire rang out from the mountains surrounding the town and drew her attention and ire. She signaled to one of the Ice Devils, who handed her a rocket launcher. She waited for a sniper to fire, then fired back. A few seconds later a distant explosion registered on the mountainside, and the sniper fire stopped. She dropped the empty tube and turned back to her chariot. Finish up. She commanded of her Ice Devils. Im going on a lizard hunt.

---------

GLOSSARY

From www.d20pfsrd.com

Ice Devil: 

A pair of frozen, multifaceted eyes coldly judge all before this towering, insectile monstrosity. 

It is said that each ice devilknown as gelugons among the ranks of devilkindbears within its chest a stolen, frozen mortal heart, which allows it to make decisions free of all emotion. Born on the icy layer of Cocytus, Hell's seventh layer, most ice devils migrate to Caina, the eighth layer, where they plot world-damning machinations from courts of freezing steel. Although they are perhaps the most alien and monstrous in appearance of all devils, few breeds are accorded greater respect.

In combat, a gelugon prefers to let its minions engage foes in melee so that it can hang back and appraise the foe's tactics, strengths, and weaknesses. The ice devil supports its minions with its spell-like abilities, always taking care to avoid impacting its minions in the area of effect of its spellsthis not from any sense of camaraderie, only a cold and logical truth that its allies can survive longer in a fight if they are not exposed to friendly fire.

Gelugons stand at 12 feet tall, and weigh approximately 700 pounds.

Gold Dragon:

Golden scales cover the body of this majestic dragon, and a regal crest of horns arches backward above wise and piercing eyes.

Gold dragons are the epitome of virtue. Other metallic dragons revere their gold cousins as the agents of divine forces and the paragons of dragonkind, and often seek them for advice or aid.

Metallic Dragon:

Metallic dragons (brass, bronze, copper, gold, silver) are generally good and often protect the lands under their care.

---------

This is the first draft of the fifth chapter to a short story I'm writing about the Big Bad of the Pathfinder campaign I'm running (I'm a nerd, I know). The main character is Archibald, Hell's Lord Inquisitor, essentially the head of the Infernal Internal Affairs. Though it is set in a standard Tolkienien fantasy multiverse, Hell is not restricted by those laws and is a fusion of medieval, modern, and futuristic, with influences from all over time and space. Critiques welcome.