This is an excerpt from a story I am working on writing. It features the protagonist and the antagonist of the story interacting. I haven't developed names yet for them. I don't really know what my goal is in writing this story. I guess it is just to vent. I just wanted other people to read it and take away what they will from the story I have to tell. It isn't a happy story, in fact it's pretty grim. But for now, it's the one that consumes me. Enjoy...

(Excuse the errors. I wrote this quickly when my thoughts were all hitting me and didn't do too much proofreading outside of autocorrect)

Character details:

-(Archaic) Human who fights for himself and encourages the system of society as it is today

-(Alien) Fully functional man observing society after amnesia causes him to forget how the world works

Alien: How can so many people choose to accept how society functions instead of confronting the issues and fixing them?!

Archaic: Well thats the choice isnt it? Ignorance is bliss. Knowledge can destroy sane human beings when they discover the truth. Im sure you are aware by now that millions, if not billions, of people live happy, easy lives at the expense of the rest of the population. We dont discourage people from finding the truth They choose not to.

Alien: It was never a choice to begin with! The society you have created perpetuates this abuse. Youve created preconceived notions of what it means to live, and enslaved the planet in order to destroy it. Youve made people think that their goals validate their selfish actions. The ruling class has established rules for rising to power and disguising it as fair. They have made the working class believe that they can rise to power through social mobility and hard work, but in fact, the ruling class has created hundreds of roadblocks to prevent this from happening. Everyone contributes to society, so how can you invalidate a hard working individual? You do this by creating educational institutions and rigging the system so that the poor stay poor and the rich stay rich. You create things like college degrees that cost thousands of dollars knowing that poorer people will succumb, in a majority, to their struggles preventing them from getting a high paying job. They have to work low paying jobs out of high school to support their family, or turn to selling drugs to finance their education. Why are drugs even illegal? Probably so that an entire portion of the population can be put away in jail, so that they have a felony on their record relegating them to low wage work for the rest of their lives. THIS SYSTEM IS RIGGED AND IT SETS PEOPLE UP FOR FAILURE. How can you allow people to live their lives convinced that this is a fair and just way to live in society? Because you reap the rewards of their struggles? Do you validate your corrupt actions by forcing those below you to commit the same acts in the name of selfishness?

Archaic: Can you think of a better way to run it? One where society is not only egalitarian but livable? It isnt possible to survive without being selfish. We call actions greedy when they are self-serving and come at the expense of other. Tell me this, has a person ever existed that never benefited from taking advantage of another person in order to live. You cant buy gas for your car without being guilty of taking advantage of another society. Your country believes that they want oil, so they overthrow a government that doesnt wish to sell it to them at a fair price. YOU CANT SURVIVE WITHOUT BLOOD ON YOUR HANDS AS WE HAVE FORMED LIVABLE SOCIETY. Those in power dont want to give it up, and those smart enough to see through our plans realize that overthrowing us only results in a new ruling class, but no change in societal rules. Yes our society is flawed, but who are you to criticize me if you have no better alternative?

Alien: Revolutions dont happen because people have alternatives. They happen because they are angry and they know that doesnt work.  You know what else doesnt work? The disgusting concept of money. Do you realize why money was created? No, you cant look it up in some textbook. That would give a humane reason like providing a better solution to bartering. scoffs My God this brainwashing is well-thought out! Money was created as a civilized construct to prevent people from killing one another to decide who got what. Finally Finally Humanity developed a physical representation of oppression. People nowadays believe in status symbols, and that some imaginary number defined through some stupidly complex and obsolete process defines who is better than whom! We call this civilized. We have already determined that it is inherently unfair and meaningless, so where does this leave us? Money is some dressed -up way of disguising that we live the same way as animals; only animals decide who is better than whom using displays of aggression  oh wait  humans still do this too. Some genius thought that they could separate humans from animals by giving them rules and codes to live by, theoretically to promote fairness. Animals on this planet do not follow your rules and have managed to live far longer than you, without causing nearly as much damage to their environment. So really, how far has this concept of civilization got you? All you have managed to do is kill off half the living organisms on the planet and accelerate your own extinction. Humans unfortunately evolved to gain one of the most destructive forces in the universe: The ability to defy the self-sustaining ecosystem that is Earth. The hilarious thing is that you indulge in your own ability to control your own environment, but continue to destroy it anyways. Humans may have gained abilities that give them the power to eradicate any species on the planet, but they mistake this for being a superior species. A squirrel doesnt need cable television or running water to be happy and live a full life. Does that mean that technically a squirrel is superior to a human? Superior intelligence is a dangerous thing. And so far, it has been used for nothing good for the planet.

Archaic: What matters more? The survival of the rest of the planet or the survival of the human race? I think I know that you have determined that our society is predicated upon anthropocentrism. We teach children growing up that humans are the best species on the planet, and that everything else is inferior to us. Do you really think that people would turn on each other to save other living things? Would you choose between saving a tree or your family?

Alien: All I can say is that you have played with the forces of nature and they will catch up to you Anthropocentrism is a dangerous concept. Your ability to cure disease has only accelerated the arms race against nature. It seems humane to want to save a loved ones life from disease, but long term all of these actions have unintended consequences that were not weighed. Your society claims to worship all powerful beings, but in fact youve determined that your capabilities have allowed you to play God for hundreds of years. This planet was not meant to be able to harbor 7 billion people. The forces of nature never should have allowed it. Either you figure out the best method to live life like the rest of the organisms on your planet, or you will die by nuclear or biological holocaust.

Archaic: Dont you understand that you are a human too?! You are one of us whether you like it or not.
Alien: Well after looking at society from an objective point of view Im not sure I can be anymore. All I know is that I am not one of you. Whatever you are, is an archaic version of a human could be.

Archaic: How do you plan on changing anything though? You cant stop me. Hell, you cant kill me. There are hundreds of me around the globe, so stopping only me does no good. Killing me accomplishes nothing. It will get you put behind bars and everything you say will dismissed as a person gone mad. The most beautiful part of the system is it is fool proof. It is too big to fail and there is no solution in sight.

Alien: I suppose youre right, however, you can work to fix the system or let it continue to accelerate the process of ending of life on the planet.

Archaic: Do you really think I give a damn about the planet? I can live out the rest of my life happily, peacefully, and without a care in the world. The consequences of my actions dont affect me now. I could care less about the future of the human race. Yes, I know its selfish, but this is the prevailing ideology we have instilled in the people. They wont ever fight with you because they will only ever fight for themselves. You wont ever win this fight because they arent selfless. Why would anyone fight for the future when all they will ever know is now? 

Alien: You are right. They probably wouldnt. And do you know why? Unfortunately, I have come to the one conclusion that no one else on the planet can confront themselves with. The world is better off without us I am not endorsing a mass extinction. I wouldnt know how to gauge who is fit to live. There is no correct way to do that. The human race has figured out how to escape the noose, and is biding their time until they reach the breaking point. This may be endorsed in the media as an energy shortage, or a water shortage,  or hell  a war declared on another country for some arbitrary reason. Many societies already oppress others masked with declarations of nationalism and jingoism. Americans live at the expense of oppressive labor in China. They tell themselves that they are the greatest nation on Earth, and that their best interests are more important than others. What happens when countries like that run out of people to abuse? They will have to come to this conclusion at some point. You have to live within the means of preserving this planet or you will perish with it.

Where have we gone so wrong in promoting the right things? Yes, the right thing to do can be a question of morality and that is all subjective. What I dont understand is that we have dismissed environmental causes as moral and subjective. I dont understand what could possibly be LESS OBJECTIVE than the survival of the human race. Why is creating alternative energy not a priority? We cant keep creating pollution and changing the livable world and expect the consequences to disappear. Advancements in technology can help us to live in a sustainable way that allows us to continue life as we know it. The way that we currently live is unsustainable. We can either choose to continue indulging in the now and leave a world where our children will all suffer for our selfishness and lack of foresight, or we can TRY TO MAKE A FUCKING DIFFERENCE BEFORE WE INEVITABLY DIE ANYWAYS. 


Disclaimer: This story was written because Im mad. Im mad at myself. Im mad at society. Im mad at everything and everyone. Im just. Plain. Mad. This was inspired by a terrible acid trip I had where I took on an almost alien persona, objectively looking down at human society and realizing how primitive and pathetic is was. Yes some weird thoughts influenced this post, but don't discredit it on those merits. 

I know feedback won't probably be positive but I appreciate it anyways. 

Thanks