3/26/2016-




I get up from my comfy couch, no matter how comfy it is the calling of a cigarette sounds better. Riffling through my purse I find my half empty pack and lighter. Opening the front door I feel how cold it's gotten and grab my sweater off the hook next to the door. I head out and sit on the front steps and light my smoke. It's quiet and calm outside with hoots of owls coming from the trees down the street. Then I hear it a light shuffling coming down the sidewalk, slowly but surely getting closer and closer. Then I see him a middle aged guy with no real outstanding features, slowly walking down the sidewalk with a look of lost across his face. I understand since all the townhouses look the same on this street and the next.. and the next.. and all over this base they all look the same. I stay quiet and just watch him shuffle along and then I realize it's Saturday, he's probably a drunk soldier trying to find his way home. So I call out to him are you lost?... It falls on deaf ears as he just keeps walking completely ignoring me. Oh well, I shrug and head back inside as I flick my cigarette onto the concrete.





3/27/2016-



Yes! I'm freaking serious she said that shit to my face! I squeal on the phone to my best friend who lives just around the corner. I'm walking out onto the porch to sit in my usual spot and partake in my bad habit. I continue my story about work and the disgruntled customer upset about the lack of baguettes. Then I hear it again, shuffling. I figure it's just a coincidence and don't even look up, till I can hear the shuffling right in front of me on the sidewalk. I look up and there he is, I pause in my story  and examine him. Noticing his dark jeans and all black converse his black t-shirt and a red zip-up hoodie. Then he disappears past my tree. I flick my cigarette and head inside to finish my story.





3/28/2016-




The sun is starting to set as I set my alarm on my phone. I need to head to bed early tonight since I need to help open the bakery tomorrow. At least, I get to sneak a fresh donut I think as I lay my head down on my fluffy cold pillow. I fall into a deep dreamless sleep until Im jerked awake by my dogs jumping up and trying to look out the curtains. I rub my eyes and lean over to see what's going on outside. When I reach for the curtain I get a funny feeling in my tummy, as I peer outside I see why. There he is slowly walking by.. then he stops, slowly turning just his head to look directly into my eyes. Directly into my soul... I stay there mouth open just staring back at him. Then as quickly as he stopped he turns back and keeps walking. I sit back in my dark room with a million things running through my head.. did he actually see me? Why didn't the dogs even bark? Was he wearing the same thing as last night?.. he was, he was wearing the jeans and black shirt and a red hoodie. He can't be lost.. maybe he goes on a nightly walk and that's just his preferred walking outfit I try and explain all of the weirdness away. I need to go to sleep I have work early.





3/29/2016-



I just got off work its 1pm, I decide to call my friend and tell her the story of this slowly walking red hoodie-wearing weirdo I keep seeing every night. She immediately suggests that we sit out on the front steps and wait for him. 
what time does he usually walk by? she asks.
Um, I'm not completely sure actually. I never look at my phone or anything I just stare at him but I think it's close to 10 o'clock. 
oh my god you suck, how have you not noticed when he walks by?
I dunno, but come over at like 8 and we will drink some beers and just wait for him.
Okay! See you later!




Here we are sitting on the front steps waiting for this red hooded ghoul to walk past. We talk about all sorts of things movies, our husbands, gossip. Then as we stare up into the sky quietly looking at the stars I hear the light sounds of shuffling. I immediately turn towards her, she's already staring at me with eagerly excited eyes and her mouth into a big we got him cheesy grin. We wait in complete silence as the shuffling gets closer and closer. Then it appears a lady walking with her very tiny dog, it's tail wagging furiously. We both just look at each other and sigh. I look down at my phone and realize it's 9:50.



 Well we still have ten minutes till 10.. maybe he'll walk by here soon.



 We sip our beers and hear the shuffling again. This time, we don't get our hopes up we just wait. He comes slowly lightly dragging his feet, wearing the same outfit as before. My friend looks at me, then looks back at him.



HEY! How are you? Good night for a stroll! She yells out to him. He never even flinches just head straight forward, slowly dragging his feet. She leans over to me and whispers let's follow him.




I sigh but think to myself maybe we should, maybe there is something wrong with him. sure I nervously say. She's already bolting down my little path to the sidewalk and peering around the tree at him. We follow him, I didn't realize how slowly he actually walks until we followed him. We would walk a few steps then pause, he never once looked back or around just straight forward. 

After a block, my friend turns to me and says This Is boring. Let's just go back. I have a better idea for tomorrow.




3/30/2016-



I'm sitting on my porch taking a long drag on my cigarette when my friend pulls up. I look at my phone.. 9:36 pm. I'm excited to hear her crazy idea she's thought up. She hops out of her car and pulls two folding chairs out of her trunk and sets them up right in the middle of the sidewalk looking towards the street as to not be too obvious. We again sit there talking about what we did that day and gossip. Then we both hear him coming and turn so we are facing the direction he comes ever night. It's dark down the sidewalk there are only street lights at the other end of the road behind where we are looking. I can vaguely make out his shape. We both adjust ourselves in our chairs making sure we are completely blocking the sidewalk. Here he is, he's now where we can see him clearly. Tonight his hood is up, and his shoulders are slouched forward, feet still dragging. Step by step he's getting closer, it looks like he has no intention of stopping. I'm closest to him and I am just wide eyed staring at him. He walks right up to my chair less that 6 inches away from my armrest. He's stopped, staring at the ground, motionless, I can't even hear him breathing. Suddenly I smell menthol like someone shoved vicks straight up my nostrils. I feel my friend grab my arm while at the same time he slowly lifts his arm up pointing straight past us down the sidewalk. I feel cold shivers rise up my spine and I slowly turn to see what he's pointing at. I turn and as soon as I do the light at the end of the street flickers. I get a bad feeling an impending sense of doom and turn back around to find the guy in the red hoodie is gone, nothing but his vicks smell remains. I look towards my friend and she is just as dumbfounded as I am. We sit there in silence for a few minutes before we both get up and fold our chairs.

I hand mine to her while saying Well, Im done. I don't think Ill be sitting out here waiting for him anymore. If I smoke Ill go out the back door. she simply nods and takes her chairs. 




3/31/2016- 



I slept like crap, I kept replaying what happened the night before. Where could he have gone in the short amount of time it took me to look the other way? Why did he smell like he took a bath in menthol rub? How did he know to point just at that moment before the light flickered? I racked my brain, should I give up tonight. Maybe Ill just go to bed early and Ill sleep on my big comfy couch so the dogs won't look out the windows. I do just that, I go home I watch a few episodes of my favorite show and I lay down to fall asleep. It's 8:30pm, I notice this while Im setting my alarm for work in the morning. I get comfy and fall right to sleep with both of my dogs curled up. Beep beep beep blaring in my face I turn my alarm off and sleepily walk to the front bathroom. While Im half asleep and taking my morning pee I always peek outside to see what the weather is like since you can never tell from one day to the next what Kansas has in store for you. I lift my curtain up and lean over to look out the little gap Ive made. It's awfully dark still I think and my eyes focus, he's there. He's standing there staring at my front door. I gasp and drop the curtain, I wipe and run into the living room, like a possessed woman I throw shoes and a sweater on and bolt out my front door rushing towards him. I outstretch my arms towards him like Im going to grab him by the arms. He just stands there head down shoulders slouched, I drop my hands down to my sides. I stand there in front of him trying to look at his face trying to make eye contact. 
Hello, are you okay? Do you need help? silence.
talk to me, why do you keep staring at my place and walking by? Why don't you change clothes? Silence. 

He turns and just keeps walking down the sidewalk. I sigh and realize I just yelled at a man that disappeared right next to me just a night before. Fear rushes over me now that my adrenaline has left my body. I run inside and hide under my covers like a little kid hiding from the boogie man.





4/1/2016-



I didn't sleep I couldn't even sleep. I went into work and finished everything I needed to do and left early I feigned a stomach bug. I have the next few days off and Im going to hatch a plan. I will find out what's going on ghost, alien, terrible April fools joke. This ends tonight, fucking tonight! I go to the store I buy 5 16 oz red bulls, I will be awake and focused! I get home and sit down to hatch a plan. It's currently 1pm, I have 9 hours to think of something. My first idea is crazy pants. I think about going and renting construction type spotlights and ambushing him with cameras set up and calling all of my friends to jump out and maybe one of those Will. E. Coyote type foot in the looped rope on the ground traps. I shake off the crazy and start from the beginning, the camera set up is a good idea. Maybe I can get a better look at his face.


I decide to hide it on my grill which Ill position in the front yard. Next, I decide on something a little crazy. I decide to run a string from the rim of my tire on my car to the faucet that's at the front of the townhouse. I figure if he's a ghost it won't move, if it's an April fools joke well then he deserves to fall. Now where do I hide? Do I lay in the bushes? Do I just sit in my car? Yeah! Yeah, that's an awesome idea and when he falls Ill turn the headlights on and honk the horn and laugh and maybe drive away if he is a ghostly ghoul. I decide to try and take a power nap I set a million alarms I know Ill need it. I lay in my bed motionless I can't sleep. I keep trying to picture his face but it's blank.. completely blank. Had I never seen it before?. No, I remember his eyes, deep set and cold. I dose off.


BEEP BEEP BEEP BEEP I jump up and check my phone 9:00 pm. I put on all the dark clothes I can find and run down stairs. Grabbing my keys and black cord off of my craft desk and my husbands go pro. I set up the camera first and then tie the cord. I barely had enough, it's so tight I would decapitate a mouse if it ran through. I hop in my car and wait, I stare down the sidewalk seeing if maybe I can see where he even comes from. It's 9:30, it's getting darker outside it shouldn't be getting darker outside the sun already set. I look down the other way of the sidewalk the street light is out... all the lights are out. The power must have gone out, it happens a lot and it is pretty windy out. I see him, well the outline of his figure coming closer and closer. I duck down I'm too nervous to look then I hear it SNAP, the cord broke, or did he break! I jump out and run to the front of my car, then I realize it's dark and I can't see so I run back to the car and flip my lights on. I head back around to the front and the cord is nowhere to be found, the only thing that's there is the red hoodie. I look around everywhere and nothing just the hoodie neatly laid face down like he took it off and laid it out for me to find. I'm dumbfounded as to what to do with it. I decide to grab a trash bag and my tall vinyl dish washing gloves and grab it and take it to my basement for examining. I lay it out on the cement floor and with my gloves on I start to check the pockets, my eyes are burning the fumes of menthol are so strong. I reach in the right pocket and all I find is a black lighter, weird okay guess ghosts smoke.. or light house fires that make more ghosts!


Calm down freak! I blurt out to myself. 

I go to look in the other pocket and that's when I notice the label at the back of the collar it has very faded writing, I think it says HW?.. maybe it's initials. Whatever. I'm checking the left pocket, there is what feels like paper folded up down in the very corner. I pull it out but these stupid gloves are too thick and I can't unfold it. I rip the gloves off and start unfolding and I immediately recognize the handwriting as my own. Its numbers the first line is 39.084947 the second line is -96.902051 I have a duh moment and realize they are coordinates. I enter them into Google maps on my phone and wait as it centers onto Milford lake. Ive been there once, a while back with my husband. Why would the red hooded ghoul want me to go there? So he can kill and eat my soul?! I should go though I feel it in the pit of my stomach that if I go this whole thing will be over with and I won't see him anymore.





4/2/2016- 



I'm here, Im at the lake. I left my car at this little bathroom lake parking spot to be able to walk down close enough to the coordinates. It's in the lake that's where Google is telling me to go. I just stand there confused and now cold. It's 2am by the time I collected myself and got to the lake. I'm just staring out into the still dark water when I feel him walk up beside me. I don't even look I know it's him I smell the menthol and for a second, I think about running away about going home and never looking back. Then I feel his hand wrapped tightly around my wrist I look down at my wrist and then up and realize he's pointing. He's pointing at the spot the coordinates led to, once I look out into the water a faint glow starts to rise up as if someone turned the lights on. 


What do I do? What do I do? I ask him as if this time he will respond. 

Do I call for help? Is there a car in the water? Are you abducting me?! as I look into the sky to see there is nothing there. 
I begin to laugh nervously not knowing what else to do. 

I start to get angry and I scream What do I do?! What do you want! 

I look at him and he's gone, just the glow in the water remains. I'm at the fuck it stage and decide I won't ever have any answers just more questions unless I get into the water. I walk in, it's freezing absolutely bone chilling cold. I walk, wade, and then swim till Im floating above the glow. I take some big gulps of air then dive down, deeper and deeper till I see my house. Not my house I live in now but my childhood home, light green and cinder block. Nothing fancy but I would know it anywhere, all the windows are gone and it's definitely seen better days. You know when it wasn't submerged in a lake 3 states away from where it's supposed to be. I realize how crazy this is and swim back up to the surface. The porch light was on and my old bedroom light, how could there be lights on. 


I'm crazy! I shout, that has to be the reason.

Well if Im crazy and having some sort of mental break might as well head back down the bottom of a lake memory lane right? I take some more huge inhales and swim back down immediately going through my old bedroom window. My bed is in the same spot I left it everything else looks destroyed my dresser and cabinets are water damaged and floating in bits. I see something wrapped in red on my bed, I swim down and grab it and begin to unwrap what's inside. The red sweater it's the red sweater I was unwrapping, I pull it off and while grabbing it by the collar I read the label again.. MH.. MH? I read it upside down before! I was sitting near the hood of the sweater in my basement! While all this is happening what was wrapped up inside is slowly floating away, I grab it. It's a wooden picture frame, with a picture of me in a red hoodie and jeans and black converse. I feel something wrap around my ankle pulling me down under my bed, the light flickers and I scream swallowing lake water. With the last flicker, I see it's the sweater pulling me under and it all goes black.





4/3/2016- 



BEEP BEEP BEEP I wake up in my bed. I turn my alarm off its 9:00pm, I uncover myself and Im wearing a red hoodie dark jeans and black converse. My name is Madison Harvey and Im going for a walk.