What the fuck! Alejandro yells with frustration as he throws his hands up in the air. The hook makes Brian stumble and turn half way around into the kitchen, hes dazed and unsure where String may come from, Almost immediately String once again throws a left hook this time directly into Brians nose, blood begins to squirt out of it. World Star! Shayan excitingly screams while he rushes over closer to them and begins to pull out his phone.
I have trouble processing what has happened in the last 30 seconds, I sit completely still with frantic thoughts firing off as I watch String throws extremely fast but wild punches as Brian stumbles back farther into the kitchen and lets out a grunt from the occasional swing that makes contact with him. I immediately wish that I hadn't gotten so high, I begin to panic unsure of whos side I am supposed to be on, I want to get up and break it up but all I do is yell String what the fuck!
Brian doesn't fight back, he looks too dazed from the first to punches to figure out hes supposed to try and beat String all he does for defence is put his wrist against his ears and touch his elbows together in front of his face. Blood pours down his nose and chin and onto his scarf, his bun has fallen out and his shoulder length hair sits partly over one eye. Shayan films the fight while jumping up and down like a monkey, Brian has backed up as far as he can and is stumbling against the wall, String begins to lay the same hooks into Brians ribs once he figures out that his head shots weren't landing as well.
Strings punches are wild and inexperienced, they are only sloppy hooks but Brian has clearly never fought before and is starting to resemble a human punching bag. When fights happen here they go until someone falls limp, gets knocked out or gives up, anything after that is a beat down. Brian begins to crumple from the body shots, he drops to the ground and curls up with his hands linked behind his head while his face rests against the ground, he brings his knees up underneath his chest with his left side against the wall for cover. String continued to punch him with hooks to the body on the ground as he stood over top of him, but only his right side was exposed so string changed up the style and put his hands against the wall over top of Brian and began to wind up and boot him in the head.
Brian stayed silent except for the occasional grunt when a kick made contact with the side of his head, String on the other hand was screaming swears at Brian with almost every strike. I remained seated, hypnotized and terrified by Strings angry out burst Thats enough! Alejandro demanded as String lays another devastating kick into Brians head, the boot had a brutal thud as Brian went limp and his hands fell to the floor, but String kept kicking his motionless body. Its over! Shayan yelled at String while he and Alejandro sprinted over to pull String away. Shayan grabs String by the shirt with one hand and pulls him a few feet back but before Alejandro can come for support String smacks Shayans arm off him, and jumps two feet into the air and bringing both his knees to his chest as he hovers over Brian and rockets both feet downward, stomping into the back of Brians motionless head.
Blood begins to pool by Brians dome, String sits on his ass on the kitchen tile floor same place where he landed after he slipped out on Brians head, Holy shit. Alejandro says like he had just seen a ghost. String slowly starts to stand silently Brian? he quietly asks. Brians lies face down on the tile with his knees still against his chest, his shoulder hides the damage to his face but blood starts to spill and run through the tile grout work.
Strings knuckles are split and bleeding and his whole body is shaking, Brian? String guiltily asks again as he takes a step towards him. String walks up right beside him as we all remain silent and I curiously walk over to Alejandro and Shayan, String gets down on one knee beside Brian and slowly reaches beside him, String uses all his weight to rolls him over. Oh fuck String hysterically repeats with voice cracks looking like hes on the verge of tears as he looks down at Brian Oh my god. Alejadro gasps out; I take a step forward and peer over String shoulder whos still hunched over Brian. A coldness falls over my body when I see his face, he resembles two face from Bat-Man. The right side of his face was mangled and bleeding, his nose was brutally crushed and scrunched up against his face, his nose ring was barley visible. His right jaw looked like it may be broken or may be just horribly swollen, there was a gash underneath his right eye on his cheek bone that was about an inch long and had a steady stream of blood pouring out of it that trickled down the side of his face into his now wild hair. He was unrecognizable, but the scariest part was his mouth, his bottom lip was split wide open and his teeth were chipped his upper lip covered the top row of teeth but I didnt want to imagine what condition they were in.
Oh fuck, I am so sorry Brian. Call an ambulance! String cried out while he was slouched over top of Brian with tears running down his face. You got knocked the fuck out! Shayan yelled imitating chris tucker Shut the fuck up! Alejandro, screamed 4 inches from Shayans face He could be fucking dead. As soon as String heard Alejandro say this he started out right bawling. What the fuck did you do? I coldly ask looking down at Brian without expecting a response. I didnt mean for this to happen, Im sorry James, am I going to go to jail? String asks me between sobs Alejandro, call an ambulance! String starts to repetitively scream as he gets up from the blood covered ground, the shins and knees on his jeans are now covered in blood from kneeling in a small puddle beside him, along with some stains on his oversized hoodie. Oh my god. Alejandro stressfully repeats as he paces around the kitchen with his hands linked behind his head. Shayan stands dead still behind me while, String continues crying until he looks down at his torn up converse and sees blood all over his right toe from when he was kicking Brian and begins to Wail like a banshee.
Alejandro squats beside Brian and feels the pulse on his wrist, okay his hearts still beating. He assures as and then immediately puts his ear over Brians mouth and I think hes still breathing. Everyone else sighs with relief; but I dont feel any less guilty I take a step closer and can hear a faint gargle coming from the back of Brians throat. Alejandro tries rolling Brian on his side but he underestimated how heavy Brian is and after two tries he over does it and rolls him back onto his stomach, where blood starts to pool again.
Let me use your phone. String pleads with Alejandro while wiping away his tears We call 911, and you go to jail, possibly for attempted murder. Alejandro explains cunningly annunciating each word while grabbing the back of Strings neck and staring into his eyes so closely that theyre almost touching noses, string hears the word murder and begins to cry again. I remained silent, with empty thoughts in my head, just the grim feeling of empty despair circling my buzzed brain. Alright James did Brian get your last name? Alejandro asks I shake my head Great He doesn't know your digits either and I didn't tell him Jerry was my blood so he cant track us down. Alejandro explains Ill ring jerry tell him what went down, and hell say you used a burner and got rid of it. Shayan can you see if you can get the front door open? Hes not dead I say we fucking bounce now. Shayan manically responds, and then looks to me and String for support. Were not leaving him here! I scream out.
Shayan kicks against the door Its pointless these things got a second barrier, security thingy on the other side of it too. Shayan tells us while catching his breath, Brian was loosing blood fast and Alejandro had to think fast because I was currently useless K well have to take him out the window. Alejandro announces, String, go look for new gear you can throw on check, the dressers in the bed rooms, well have to toss out your pants, James and Shayan lets get him out this window. When were out side we dump him on the side of the street and WALK away, so we dont pull any attention. Once we hit the trail we run to my pad, my parents are working night shifts tonight, so well have the house to ourselves and then we call my oldest brother and figure out our next step. They all nod in agreement; I continued starring at Brian face down and the now red kitchen floor.
Brian was heavier than we expected, we had gotten him up on the counter by the window in about a minute but it took team work, we had taken our jackets off before we started and my arms and t-shirt now started to turn red. String walked back into the room now wearing basket ball shorts, he looked like a scared dog, cowering in the door way with blood shot eyes and tear streaks still staining his face. Shayan crawled out the window, we decided to put Brian through it head first so Shayan could guide him out while we pushed.
Ready? Shayan asked from outside. Wait, I call back. Brian was sprawled over the counter, I scanned his body with shame once again and before I began to pat down his pockets. Cold blooded. Alejandro says as he stands on the counter watching me search the motionless body. I finally find the quarter in his cardigan pocket, I pull it out and put it in my flannel pocket hes already fucked up, doubt he wants a possession charge on top of that. Shayan says from outside as I reach into my pocket for the 55 bone Brian gave me. Alejandro shakes his head and grabs Brian under the armpits and begins to pull him out the window, I take the 55 bone in my left hand and pretend to grab Brian by his waist band, when no ones looking I slip the 55 back into his pocket.
Its proved to be harder getting him out the window than onto the counter, it was nearly impossible to properly guide his body out, after 5 minutes only Brians heels rested on the window still. Im ready. Shayan grunted from outside, Brians chest was awkwardly resting on Shayans shoulder while he stood in the back yard. Alright. Alejandro said and pushed brains heels off the window, Brians feet smoked the bucket we used as a stool, the sudden weight change made Shayan collapse with Brian falling on top of him.
Alejandro jumped outside and then I let String go ahead of me, I looked back at blood on the tile floor for a second then said a quick prayer (I was raised in a catholic house hold but didn't really believe the shit) then I jumped onto the counter and ducked threw the window stepping onto the bucket. It was dark outside, probably around 7 pm, it felt like the beating had happen hours ago but it had realistically been around 15 minutes. Wipe your knuckles off in the snow string, and try and quickly get those stains out of your jacket. Alejandro instructed String while his teeth chattered from the cold. It was freezing out, heavy snow had even started to fall and it was just starting to stick to the ground, we all quickly took off our bloody shirts and exposed are bare chests to the elements for a brief second before putting our jackets back on and cramming our stained shirts in Shayans back pack with the portable speaker.
James help me take Brians legs and lets pull him to the front. Alejandro tells me, we both lift a leg and spin him 90 degrees, we begin to drag him along the yard to the side of the house, his bleeding was slowing down, I wasnt sure if that was a good thing or not, there was still a bread crumb trail of blood leading back to the window. Shayan, kick snow over the blood. Alejandro whispers, Shayan immediately hangs back behind us and starts kicking snow over the blood spots. We stop right before we get in view of the road around the side of the house, Shayan ran forward to the road while me and Alejandro gripped Brians legs and String stared off silently Were Gucci. Shayan whispered as he ran back from the road to us.
We dragged Brian as quickly as we could onto the side walk, his cardigan and beater got caught on the ground and rode up so his stomach was now exposed. I pulled his shirt down over his stomach, his body was cold, I think it was from the snow and weather. While Shayan kicked snow me and Alejandro rolled Brian on his side, his blood again began to slowly spill onto the snowy pavement. The blood had a terrifying contrast with the snow and street light that made it illuminate in a haunting way, without saying a word we all stared at Brian for a brief second before we turned around and started speed walking down the street.
We were now about 50 feet away, I looked back and saw that my foot prints had a bit of blood around the heel; I must have tracked through it in the house. I didnt feel sick like with the natives, I felt dread and extreme guilt, like whole world was closing in on me. I couldnt stand to look at String I didnt hate him, but I did resent and pity everything about him. Alejandro finally broke the silence; he turned to String and said Youre not going to go to jail. Then he turned to me and put his arm over my shoulder Brians gonna be alright. He lied. We were almost at the trail; I looked back and saw a middle aged man stumbling up to Brian. He was a stick thin Latino man with thinning long hair and blotchy skin. He got on one knee and began to shake Brian, he then checked over both his shoulders before he started digging into Brians back pockets until he found his wallet, then he quickly stood up and limped back the way he came while the snow peacefully fell on Brians cardigan.
Lets go! Alejandro yelled as we scampered up the trail like a pack of wolves.
Day 11.

part 2
https://www.reddit.com/r/shortstories/comments/3t6s7s/nf_126_days_i_spent_as_a_teenage_drug_dealer_part/