[Part 1]( https://www.reddit.com/r/shortstories/comments/433yqv/sf_destroying_gods_part_1/)

[Part 2]( https://www.reddit.com/r/shortstories/comments/4340ud/sf_destroying_gods_part_2/)

[Part 3]( https://www.reddit.com/r/shortstories/comments/4344ht/sfdestroying_gods_part_3/)

[Part 4]( https://www.reddit.com/r/shortstories/comments/4346bq/sf_destroying_gods_part_4/)

Termination

It was an extremely overcast day when we arrived in the park in Providence. The clouds and cool weather gave an overall gloom to the day and as a whole Alpha, Bravo, Charlie, and Delta Squads were reasonably anxious. I hate to say it, but most of us were pretty nervous. Nervousness was a feeling we didnt often find within ourselves when going out to missions that would scare most people to death. 

We decided to transport onto the back side of a small restaurant in the middle of a park with a nice wooded covering, so as to not be seen appearing by any bystanders. The restaurant was a nice little place that served mostly Greek food and had only outdoor, covered seating. Around the outer perimeter of the restaurant was a small brick wall that had openings on each corner of the seating area. Each opening was attached to sidewalks that snaked out to different parts of the large wooded park. 

There werent many patrons at the restaurant that day. A family of four sat at a table in the front corner closest to the ordering window and an elderly couple sat on the opposite side of the square gazebo-type covered area. 
In the park itself, I didnt notice anyone wandering about except one older gentleman feeding pigeons about 400 yards from the restaurant. It was a beautiful place. On an average day people would surely have picnics and play with their dogs, but that day the overall mood in the park seemed dark and un-wanting. 

The 32 of us in The Redeemers walked into the seating area and took up every free table. Each squad had eight members except Alpha Squad who had just lost JoJo. A few of the members of Delta Squad were speaking to each other in French. 

Samuel ordered us to push the square tables together so that we could all sit together and hastily the other six patrons left the restaurant. The elderly couple sitting in one corner of the gazebo looked at us warily, as we moved tables around, and left in a haste that I was surprised to see out of someone of their age. The other family took their leave immediately afterward, so we were left at our tables with no one else around, other than the two Greek women working in the restaurant. 

No one ordered food so we all just sat quietly at the large pushed-together table, drinking water. Aside from when Sylpheny showed up at our underground compound, I hadnt seen Samuel since he first brought me to Alpha Squad. Looking at him now, I could tell the weight of all that was stirring really did a number on him. His once peppery beard was now mostly white and the little hair he had had on the top of his head was gone, leaving him completely bald. When I met him, I would have guessed his age to be in his early 40s, but now he looked closer to 60 with the amount of wrinkles that had appeared on his brow and around his eyes and mouth. 

We sat in silence for nearly an hour before a large man from Charlie Squad stood up from the table, clearly in anger, and threw his glass of water against the small brick wall enclosing us in the dining area. It startled every member of The Redeemers, but Samuel stood up from his seat immediately. 

Clayton, sit down! Samuel yelled in a voice that would have made a child run away in tears. 

Thiss bullshit! She tells us to pick a goddamn random place in this fuckin city and makes us sit here for an hour waitin to see if shell even show up! Im tired of this! I want to know what the fucks goin on and how in the hell were sposed to stop it! Wheres She at? Clayton shot back at Samuel in a thick southern accent that took me by surprise. 

Sylpheny is a being much greater than we can even comprehend. She will arrive when it is time. Sit down and wait patiently like the rest of us. We are all anxious. We all want to know what is expected of us and what is to come, but for now all we can do is wait. It helps nothing to throw a fit like an impatient child. Samuel replied calmly. 

Ive been waitin patiently and I cant take it anymore. I aint no child, Im a pissed off man who wants to kill these motherfuckers! Clayton replied but sat down nonetheless. 

Almost immediately after this exchange, Ty shot up from his seat and pointed across the park. There she is! 

Sylpheny was coming across the park from the northern side, behind where Samuel sat at the end of our long table. She seemed to float across the grass in her white dress and before long she was standing next to Samuel as he stood to offer her a seat, though she chose to stand. 

Today she was again barefoot and wore the same silk white dress, but her skin was white as milk and her hair a very light blonde, I assumed so as to fit into the surroundings better. It was quite cold outside, but she didnt seem to feel it in her thin clothing. 

I know you all must have many questions, but first I need to explain some things. These Semantinice that have formed in Iraq are not our only worries now. It has come to my attention that there are other groups growing in other parts of the world, even here in the United States. Not only are there Semantinice possessing humans to create these groups, but humans are actually joining forces with them. These humans are sadly ignorant of what is truly going on. This new information is very discerning because now when we attack, you will be forced to take human lives. She began. 

So you are saying we will be fighting a combination of Semantinice and la plus stupide of our race? I do not see a problem with it. One of the French men said. 

They are not necessarily the dumbest of your race; they only misunderstand the reasons for which they are truly fighting. Sylpheny replied. 

Steve jumped in the conversation, No, they are about as dumb as it gets. What they believe they are fighting for is ridiculous and they all need to be wiped out with these monsters. 

Thats enough. Samuel said immediately. No matter what we have to do to stop this, we must do our best to save as many human lives as possible. It is not acceptable in our creed to kill our own when its not necessary. We are not a military force to be used in the wars of man. 

Yes, you mustnt harm humans, unless they are an imminent threat to you or others. Sylpheny said. 

As this conversation was going on, we were all so concentrated on what was being said that no one had noticed six men had formed around the seating area of the restaurant. Sylpheny was the first to take note of them and immediately her skin changed into her normal turquoise color and her hair glowing bright yellow as if it was fire flowing out of her skull. The men around us pulled automatic weapons out of their long coats and began firing before any of The Redeemers could react. The air rang out with gunfire as the men shot at us and we returned fire from behind tables and the brick wall.

Sylpheny was moving towards them one by one. The chaos was like nothing I had ever experienced in battle. As I shot back with Rob to my right, I watched Redeemers from all squads taking hits all around me and many were already dead. I watched Sylpheny kill one man just by grabbing him on the top of the head and he burst into a bright white light. 

As the burst of white light blinded everyone in the area, gunfire stopped and all was silent for a few seconds. When the blindness finally subsided, I looked around and only three of us from Alpha Squad were still living, unwounded. Rob, Chris, and I were crouched behind a wall of shards of tables and chairs. Four of the assailants, most likely Semantinice, were still standing. 

I am not completely sure what happened next. Sylpheny let out a high pitched scream that made my head feel like it was going to explode and I fell to the ground. 

The next thing I knew, I was laying in the hospital bed in Nevada. As far as Ive seen from watching the news, ISIS is still going strong and making more and more threats. I have no idea what has happened to Rob and Chris and am scared about what is to come. 


Epilogue 

A week after I recorded Rays story, his wife reported him missing. She claimed he had left the house to pick up some things from the store, but did not return. It has now been four months since his disappearance and there is still no word from him. Have the Redeemers regrouped and begun to rebuild their army to fight ISIS? I cannot say for certain, but we should all certainly hope that is the case.
