Aaron McClair was known as a brilliant man; a model figure per-say. Baxter Oakes is the filthy rich capitalist of the decade. Together they were once the perfect team of the century, the artist and the conman: a reverent whose unschooled talent and meticulous attention to detail produced an astounding array of forged art unknowing to the knowledge of Aaron. But Baxter had his sights set on grander matters, and from then on agents of the authorities had his awe-inspiring artist as its own trump card.

Although Aaron McClair has never witnessed such behavior of betrayal from a close partner, he managed a serene, almost solace, demeanor. The past year had taken a heavy toll on him, but nothing was more frivolous to him than vain. Baxter rehearsed his perfectly-articulated story at least a dozen times to get it just right; altering the aim of an eye or the structure of the cheekbones for the perfect mix of curiosity and candor. The police took all of it in without regards to any other side of the situation. Baxter tipped off Aaron while leaving the details of his involvement out, allowing him to secure the entire wealth of a recent forged art scam without repercussion. Since then Aaron went into hiding, and the public roared in outrage as the media read out the accusations of their ever-so-beloved figure.

It was around the evening when Aaron McClair arrives at an apartment occupied by an important acquaintance of his. They had agreed to meet by reason of the utmost importance when he was asked. Aaron steps out of a car onto the apartment door. Droplets of rainfall runs in rivulets off the pale-white fedora adorned by the dapper as he strikes a knock on the door. There is no answer. He reaches his hand out and grasps the doorknob. The door swivels open, revealing a pitch-black darkness. He is silent; his face quick to frown and glare. Aaron was an explicit man, one would not simply disregard his status. He pushes aside curtains like pavilions, and he reaches his hands out and feels over innumerable feet of dark wall for the electronic light switch. His thumb flicks the toggle of a light switch and his eyes turn towards the acquaintance absently. The acquaintance lays lifeless against the drawer; its look distinguishably vacant. Aaron kneels to the acquaintance and feels the pulse  the body is warm, but the face, tormented and heckled, was grotesque and bitter in death. He moves the arm to see faint blood on the carpet underneath. In its hand held an envelope enclosed and addressed to Aaron McClair. He tears open the envelope and pulls out the letter. His eyes follow the words written on the paper; his thumb drifting over the raised print of ink. It leaves an imprint in his mind as recordings of the betrayal of Baxter and the death of the acquaintance are followed. As the letter draws to an end, his gaze upon the letter haltingly stagnates during the last paragraphs. The closing bears the signature of Baxter.

Aaron dashes to the nearest telephone booth in a whim. He closets himself in the enclosure and spins the dial-plate in all directions, aligning the numbers with the twists of his palm. The answer of an officer fills the line. His mouth converses faster than his words as he rehearses his direful situation. The police on the other end sighs disbelief, but after lengthy scrutinizing deputes an officer to verify the document. As Aaron concludes the call, a loud crash accompanies the dead air of the low-moaning scenery. The phone line abruptly silences to an eerie tone. With a vigorous rush, the door viciously bursts open. A shrouded figure flings out the door and chokes Aaron by the neck. In a toss, his body defiantly propels over the sodden distance of asphalt road. He manages to force himself up, smothering in pain and anguish. Aaron faintly lays eyes ahead, but his eyes wander only for him to discover his assailant has vanished. The road illuminates as a police hardtop solemnly echoes in the distance, pulling up to the rear of Aaron. With a long, shuddering sigh, he slips his hand into the inner pocket of his jacket and slithers out the beige-colored letter. He draws the letter and unfolds it, only for him to descry the bearing sheet  the paper was sheared in twain across the threadbare creased half.

The officer skids down the side step and opens the couch-door on the rear. With haste, Aaron bolts in the opposite direction and hurries to his car. The windshield of the vehicle shatters with an accompanying bang as the officer draws his unwieldy revolver; the bullet wincing the coat jacket adorning Aaron. He fumbles his foot as he floors the gas pedal against the chassis. The car propels promptly with the rush of air falling into a roll of long, steady vibrations.

Aaron lurches his car up the rocky drive of the Baxter residence; a vast marvel of architectural stone looming the rich groves before a distant hill. He staggers forward and to his discovery observes the front gates of a doorway standing partly open. The rustle of new silk and the discreet ticks of a faint pendulum clock drifts through the opening as Aaron glances around the grand foyer, for which he looks up at a lavish staircase encompassing the rich traceries of an arch. Footsteps sullenly echoes throughout the room as it emanates from the top platform of the stairwell. He ascends up the staircase; the harsh and heavy hinges creaking as he takes each step forwards. Aaron stands before a double-door of carved oak and polished brass. The footsteps diminishes in a ghastly silence. He lifts the handle and glances through the open door. A dark ambience enshrouds a fireplace with a mantelpiece of white marble flanked by the blue velvet curtains of two windows. His eyes loom in the distance. It sees a towering figure standing in its narrow shadow. A metallic flick of flint strikes, and a pale flare illuminates the shrouded presence of the figure. Aaron recognizes the loose folds of its reddish-skinned complexion as he observes its facial appearance. Its eyes appear with a torment of converged remorse. The sight permanently absorbs into his mind; ingraining in his head as Baxter. Baxter holds in his right hand the other torn half of the letter, and in his other hand a lighter. His thumb strikes the spark-wheel and it ignites a flame. Aaron dashes towards him along the polished marble floor, and he trips over the furnished chairs and tables from the sheer formidable darkness. Baxter angles the tender flame towards the angular side of the halved letter. In the spur of the moment a gunshot suddenly peals forth and penetrates the torso of Baxter. He trembles as he falls in a swoon motion on the frigid floor. Coils of grey smoke exhausts from the caliber barrel of a nickel-plated revolver held eagerly around the butt with the firm grip of an officer as he stands before Aaron. The large room falls in a momentary pause amidst the brief moment. Aaron stumbles as he carries himself in a glide towards the fallen body. He grasps the frayed end of the letter and presents the officer the entirety of the letter.

The officer hurls Aaron into the rear of his hardtop. Aaron pats the overcoat pockets of his suit, but he only finds vacancy. As the car cruises over the high roads of the near outskirts, Aaron manages a peek through the caged interior. His eyes wander and it fixates on the letter beneath the lap of the officer. His close attention to detail notices the signature lacks the swift elegancy and sculpturesque appearance of an inscription he would expect by Baxter. To his realization, the letter is a forgery.