The event transpired in slow motion. He reacted with a cold, calculated rage. He stood from his desk as the first bolt of magic hit, drew his pistol from his coat as the second hit, and fired as the third hit. He recoiled slightly, but his first shot was dead center, and evacuated the cleric's brain through the back of her skull. The second shot slammed through the wizard's heart, sending him through the office door with a crash. The third shot took off the fighter's arm, sending a crimson arc through the air, painting the wall red. The fourth shot hit the rogue in the abdomen, throwing her across the room. Archibald lowered his smoking revolver and walked around his desk to the fighter, a male tiefling with horns and a twitching tail. His skin was red and scaled, just like Archibald's. The fighter growled at Archibald and said, "I'm nothing like you, grandfather." Archibald smirked and said, "I know. I would be dead if you were." Archibald fired into his grandson's skull. He then approached the dying rogue, who was crawling for the broken down door. Archibald dispatched her on his way out to check on his receptionist.

Blood dripped from the holes in his chest, but through his rage he ignored the pain. As he exited the room, he noticed his receptionist, a young incubus, had a crossbow bolt sticking out of his eye, and his body was slumped over in his chair. Archibald sighed heavily, briskly walked over to the desk, and reached out for the intercom when he heard the elevator ding.

Archibald slid behind his former receptionist's desk and began reloading his revolver. Time began to speed up, though, and the pain in his chest became acute and intense. He heard the doors open, and blind fired twice over the desk. He heard the bullets impact, and heard a body hit the floor. He smiled and whispered, "Still got it." He stood up and yelled, "Don't move!" In Common. He saw a young Aasimar in heavy armor huddled over a dead elf. The Aasimar turned and charged, screaming damnations in Celestial. Archibald calmly unloaded on the paladin, who dropped dead at Archibald's feet.

Archibald hit the intercom and quickly shouted in Infernal, "I have intruders at the Inquisition HQ. I repeat, intruders at IHQ. I need backup, now!" He then turned and went back to his office. Flicking a switch under his desk caused a panel in the wall to slide open, revealing a suit of Infernal chain mail armor with a brimstone face mask, a smoldering shotgun, and a bottle of pills. The Inquisitor smiled and donned his gear, taking two pills from the bottle. He overturned his desk as time slowed once again and his blood pumped with gusto, both hearts working furiously to keep up with his induced rage.

The elevator dinged again and three paladins stepped out. Archibald popped up from behind his desk, and fired his shotgun four times. The fiery bursts tore through the leading paladin's shield and armor, setting him on fire and throwing him to the ground. The other two paladins charged to the office door, taking cover on either side.

Archibald slid behind his desk again, and waited for the paladins to charge into the room. He dropped a piece of paper on the ground, then disappeared from his cover in a flash of fire and reappeared in the elevator. He closed the doors just as the paladins charged him, and hit the first floor button.

As the doors slid open, Hell's special response teams were just cleaning up the lobby, eliminating enemy stragglers and chaining up those that had surrendered for interrogation. A masked Tiefling approached Archibald, who took off his own mask, and said, "Sir, we heard reports of intruders in your office. Should we counter attack or wait them out?" Archibald brushed past him and said, "Neither. I will need a re-decorator in my office tomorrow afternoon, though." The confused Tiefling asked, "Why's that, sir?" An explosion rocked the building as flames burst out of the Inquisitor's top floor office windows. "Because I prepared an explosive runes trap before I left." Archibald said over his shoulder as he exited the building.


-----

This is the first draft of the third chapter to a short story I'm writing about the Big Bad of the Pathfinder campaign I'm running (I'm a nerd, I know). The main character is Archibald, Hell's Lord Inquisitor, essentially the head of the Infernal Internal Affairs. Though it is set in a standard Tolkienien fantasy multiverse, Hell is not restricted by those laws and is a fusion of medieval, modern, and futuristic, with influences from all over time and space. Critiques welcome.

------

Glossary

Tiefling: A quarter Fiend, typically three quarters human.

Aasimar: A quarter Angel, typically three quarters human.