These 4 very short stories are very (very) loosely based on a song called Raglan Road by The Dubliners, the lyrics for which are at the bottom:



VERSE ONE

I saw her first on the Lost Lane. It was a cold night, foggy and dark, with tendrils of mist making fingers in the air. The pockmarked gravel crunched underfoot, the road long since relegated to a mere path. The world seemed to be trapped in a pocket of timelessness that night, still and chill. Even my breath sounded muted to my ears, and whether by some trick of the fog or my own eyes, the lane seemed to stretch forever, a dark avenue wherein only I existed. Lost Lane. Nobody called it anything else nowadays, although upon maps the dark line bore the legend Harpberry Road. The stone dyke on one side of the lane was worn down, broken in places, and served more as a home to the tiny woodland creature than as a barrier to stop curious hikers. Along the other side lay the ravine, a deep and dark scar down which to stumble would spell disaster for anyone. Sparse gorse lined the walls of the ravine, and the jagged floor, which lay many feet below, was dotted with refuse and rubbish. Along the road I walked, in my quiet world, listening to the sound of nothing much. 

I was returning home after a particularly late evening at The Indigo Ben, the local public house where I served as the solitary barman. It had been a curious working day. Like this long, looming walk through overhanging trees, the pub had had a restlessness about it. An air of waiting, of expectation. None of the patrons had seemed eager to venture out into that cold fog; instead they lingered, ordering pints as if to convince themselves their reticence to leave was entirely natural. As I turned the corner, I saw her. 

Her dress was red, I remember. Red like blood, red like the deepest scarlet. Her hair was dark, long and wavy, a flowing waterfall of blackness framing her face. I.. I cant remember her face. But by God, she was fair. She moved in the centre of Lost Lane, face upturned to the heavens, slowly spinning with arms outstretched, and in the muted silence of that moment I could hear her words as she sang them. I took a step towards her.



VERSE TWO

You were scared, I think, that bright autumn day on Lost Lane. You didnt want to go near to the edge  your mother and I had told you horror stories about the things that live in that ravine. Trolls, and bears, and worse. But you didnt want her to think you were scared. Because she thought you were amazing, and that made you feel braver. So you crept closer to the edge, eyes bulging forward as if the few extra millimetres would allow you a better view of what lay at the bottom. She wasnt scared  she looked happy, her dark hair shining in the sunlight and her red oversized shirt dwarfing her, like shed cut holes in Santas sack of presents. You laughed at that, and she laughed too  not privy to the joke, but happy that you were happy. The sun streamed down onto you, piercing the low cloud that hung like a mist just below the trees. Even with the fog there, the day was warm, and you had left your jumper sitting next to a puddle in the centre of Lost Lane. Slowly, tremulously, you arrived at the edge of the ravine, and you were just a bit disappointed to see the bottom clearly, and note the marked lacked of trolls, bears or worse. Still, you decided, they were probably hiding from the sunlight. Trolls do that, you asserted confidently to her, and she nodded, enraptured. Her hand slipped into yours, and your heart nearly exploded. 

Together you sat on the verge and you told her wild tales, promises of taking her to climb Everest, and how you would build a treehouse in the old oak next to your two houses next week. Then you remembered how youd read Alice in Wonderland last week, and you told her about it all, misremembering so many details in your eagerness to tell her the story. Then she made you promise to read Through The Looking Glass and tell her all about it as well.

I dont think, my child, you have ever loved anyone like that since that day. The treehouse never was made. You never did tell her about Through The Looking Glass. Everest remains unclimbed by you. Many years later, I tried to explain why she left, why you didnt see her any more. I dont know if you understood, I dont know if youll ever understand. But, my dear, you will always have that day by Lost Lane.



VERSE THREE

The girl and the boy walked hand in hand down Lost Lane. The sun was bright overhead, the birds were calling out their territorial battlecries with as much vigour as their lungs could muster. The boy looked down at the girl, in her red summer coat and wellies. She looked back up at him, in his sweater and Doc Martens. They giggled together, as only those who are desperately in love with each other can do. The spring mist, unusual even this early in May, danced around their feet as if to join in the laughter. In the girls other hand, she held tightly the little velvet box with its so-precious occupant. She did not trust herself to wear it just yet, but already she planned to take it out and pore over every detail, every facet of the beautiful jewel, set so artfully into the engraved white gold ring. Inside the lid of the box, the poem he had written her after their first date was carefully copied out, embossed and bordered in the same white gold colour. She slipped the box, with the engagement ring inside, into her coat pocket and then giggled as the boy rang a hand through her soft dark hair. They had met in university, not all that long ago, and both insisted that they had known the other was The One since that first meeting  and that any and all fights theyd had since that moment were just practise. The girl and the boy walked on, through the avenue of trees that hung down over Lost Lane.



VERSE FOUR

Onwards they danced, twirling and spinning in the moons cold light, onwards down Lost Lane. The mist swirled around them so that it almost seemed they were dancing on clouds, his arm around her waist, hers encircling his neck, they waltzed in a mad whirling dance, faster than thought, faster enough that they seemed as one. A flash of harlequin here  his coat-tails flying in the wind. A touch of scarlet there  her dress, red like blood, pouring out from around her. Along the Lane they spun, intent on nothing but themselves, and from the tendrils of the mist came smoky figures to dance alongside them, more and more until the Lane was filled with dancers, ghosts caught up in the lovers waltz. The spirits joined around them, swapping and changing partners at will, but the flesh-and-blood dancers spun on in a dervish of feet and fabric, never breaking from each others embrace, locked in each others gaze, up and down the lane as if possessed. As I watched, the lovers and their otherworldly coterie danced onwards down Lost Lane, and eventually out of sight, leaving nothing but the mist and me. 


On Raglan Road of an autumn day/
I saw her first and knew/
That her dark hair would weave a snare/
That I might one day rue/
I saw the danger and I passed/
Along the enchanted way/
And I said let grief be a fallen leaf/
At the dawning of the day


On Grafton Street in November/
We tripped lightly along the ledge/
Of a deep ravine where can be seen/
The worth of passion's pledge/
The Queen of Hearts still making tarts/
And I not making hay/
Oh I loved too much/
and by such by such/
Is happiness thrown away


I gave her gifts of the mind/
I gave her the secret signs/
That's known to the artists who have known/
The true gods of sound and stone/
And word and tint I did not stint/
I gave her poems to say/
With her own name there/
And her own dark hair/
Like clouds over fields of May


On a quiet street/
where old ghosts meet/
I see her walking now/
Away from me so hurriedly/
my reason must allow/
That I had loved not as I should/
A creature made of clay/
When the angel woos the clay/
He'll lose his wings at the dawn of day.


-Toby Williams
