A chapter from my sci-fi action book. I'd love to hear how it reads and how you think it could be improved. Thanks!

--------

Grila swore as the truck smashed into another pot hole. In the seat beside her, Jalek smirked in her direction. She shot him a smirk back as she sat up in the faded, perishing seat of the ancient truck. They bounced along, kicking up great plumes of dust that hung in the sky for hours. It was swelteringly hot. Their skin glistened with sweat and Jalek wiped his brow on the sleeve of his jacket. The trucks obnoxious rattles continued without relent. Grilas smirk grew into a wide grin as she thought about the price her cargo would fetch. Daskemi would kill her if he ever caught her- but Grila was not going to get caught.

It was already arranged. She would meet the buyer at the city of Deltik, almost a thousand kilometres from Daskemis fortress and the only city on Kndara with a spaceport. She would take her credits and head straight for the shipyards. Shed buy a ship, any ship she could find - and then shed be free. Free of this parched, barren planet. Free of the clutches of Daskemis brutal war-droids. Free from the starvation, the thirst, the poverty and the death. She felt bad for Jalek. Leaving him behind would be hard but it would be necessary. She prayed she wouldnt have to kill him. He was innocent. Collateral.

"Joo are happeee." Jalek smiled again in her direction, his big, dull eyes shining with excitement. "Joo will be freee, soon. Joo de-serve to be freee." He affectionately ran his rough, calloused hands over Grilas buzz-cut hair-do. She grimaced awkwardly and returned a smile.

"We will be free, Jaleknat." She landed a playful punch on his thigh.

"Yess. Wee will be freeeeeee-." He trailed off, smiling blissfully and dreaming of green forests and vast lakes like the ones in books. The truck bounced along and the sun slipped lower in the sky. It was beautiful, in its own way. The long sweeping dunes were painted in swirling duotones of deep rustic reds and metallic silvers. The odd scraggly tree clawed thirstily at the ground for the last drops of moisture. The cloudless sky was turning golden as the sun crept towards the horizon. Grila didnt notice any of it. She hated it.

She heard the sound of the engines a split second before she saw the riders in the shattered remains of the trucks rear-view mirror. 

"Shit. Jalek!" She stomped on the accelerator and reached for the pistol jammed between the seats. Jalek sat up with a start as the trucks massive chemical engine roared in protest and shuddered into a different gear. He poked his head out the window to look and the mirror exploded into shards inches from his face as a rider took a shot. Grila grabbed him by the sleeve and pulled him back in. "You big idiot! Grab that!" She pointed towards the rifle hooked under the dashboard at his feet.

He looked at her with wide eyes. "Joo want me to shoot-"

"Just do it! Open the roof!" She grabbed his sleeve and shoved him upwards as he muttered about hurting people. He climbed up through the roof hatch and perched on the wind cowl at the back of the cab.

"Two to your left - ah, your right!" Grila called out, spotting the riders in the mirror. 

The rifle let loose a burst of loud cracks as Jalek fired. Grila watched as one of the riders wobbled and then slumped forward onto the handlebars. The air bike plunged into the gravel and exploded into a pile of scrap. Grila took aim at the second rider in the side mirror. The shot whizzed past the riders head. The rider sent one whizzing past Grila. Jaleks rifle cracked again and the empty casing bounced off the roof. Grila heard him working the bolt. Two more riders appeared.

"Shit. Theres more of them! Jalek!" Grila pulled the lever on her pistol and chambered another round. As she twisted around to fire back, a shot tore through the door. The round shattered into pieces and ricocheted in different directions. Grila felt a warmth spreading down her sleeve and looked down to see it soaked red. "Fuck you!" She roared, pulling the trigger and sending another rider to eat gravel. The truck bucked violently as something slammed into them from behind. Jalek lost his grip on the rifle and it bounced and clattered down between the cab and the trailer. Grila knew she had to get off the highway. There were trucks and bulldozers milling about in the distance off to the side of the highway- they might be able to get off the road there.

"Theyre trying to board us!" Jalek cried out.

"Dammit, get in here! Im going for that worksite!" Jalek climbed back inside as the riders sped up and moved alongside the truck, long shining weapon barrels aimed at the cab. Grila wrenched the wheel counter-clockwise as one of them fired. The tyres clawed at the gravel and the trailer skidded sideways, catching the riders by surprise. One of them slammed the brakes on and swerved, missing the trailer by an inch as it swung past. The other copped the midsection of the trailer to the face with a sickening crunch. The trailer kept passing left, toppling the rider and his airbike onto their side. The airbike lost power and dragged into the gravel, caught, and was pummelled into a pile of spare parts under the wheels. The engine roared as the truck veered off the gravel and bounced over the shoulder, leaving the ground entirely. All sixteen wheels hit the ground with a thud and the truck wobbled precariously to one side as it dug into the soft desert sand. Grila wrestled with the steering as the trailer drifted from one side to the other. She aimed the truck between two bulldozers.

"Whooooo hooo!" Jalek whooped. "They aint got nothin!" He pumped his fists in the air and threw a shoe out the window. It bounced off the last riders helmet. Grila grinned at his sudden determination.

"Go back up and throw more shit at the boarders! Dont let them unhitch our cargo!" She chambered another round before pressing the pistol into Jaleks hand. "Take this." He didnt have to be asked twice.

"Ill make them leave us alone Grila, joo will see!"

The hot, dry wind whipped past Jalek as he clambered through the sunroof and back onto the wind cowl. He saw a figure pop up at the back of the trailer, trying to climb on to the roof. He lowered himself down the side of the cab onto the cargo runners. Creeping towards the back of the trailer, he could see a four-wheeled buggy had latched onto the back of the truck and was dragging its wheels on the brakes, trying to slow the truck down. He took aim and fired. The round pinged off the frame of the buggy. The driver noticed and raised his own pistol to return fire. Jalek fired again. The shot missed the driver but tore through the sidewall of the closest rear tyre. The tyre disintegrated immediately and the buggy lurched to one side. It was suddenly yanked back towards the truck by the drag cable and then flipped, seemingly in slow motion. Then, it was on its roof. The driver was thrown forward through the roll cage and then torn to shreds as the vehicle dug into the sand and sheared in two. The fuel tank ruptured and sent a shockwave through the rig as it exploded. Jalek clutched the side of the rig for dear life, reeling with excitement and shock. Construction workers dived out of their path as they barrelled through, slamming through barriers.

A loud crack sounded above him. He looked up to see a shining weapon barrel three feet from his head. The rider had missed and was working the bolt. Jalek pulled the lever on the pistol and chambered another round. The rider brought the barrel up to aim again. Jalek aimed but before he could shoot, there was another loud crack. The rider slumped and fell back, rolled, then dropped off the rear of the trailer. Grila was leaning out the window, grinning.

"Joo almost got shot!" She said, chuckling and mocking Jaleks accent. "Get in! And then check the cargo!"