I shaved my legs on the boat ride, plucked my eyebrows, and listened to colored girls scat on the jazz record. We would get to New York in less than 12 hours. I couldnt wait to stop being a man. The suit I had to wear during the whole trip made me feel ill at heart. I drank vodka and the colored girls hummed. The cool air of the river breathed a new life into me. It would be soon. The drunks on the other cabins laughed and sang loudly. I wanted to pour baking soda on them and hush them. But who was I to piss on their parade? Not a man, that is certain as hell. And I would stop being one soon. I emptied to pint of vodka, and played the record from its opening note. I undressed and went to bed naked. I felt my testicles and cock. They seemed like foreign objects to me. I couldnt wait to get to New York. It would be soon. It would be soon. It would be soon.
	The boat got to the harbor in the dreary, blue hours of the morning. I got my luggage together and got off. I looked around for Tommys golden locks. Thats how you could find him in a crowd; no one had locks as golden and bright as he did. I felt someone touch my shoulder. I turned around it was Goldilocks herself.
	There you are, you magnificent bastard! 
	I wrapped my arms around him. Good to see you, Goldi.
	He grabbed a piece of my luggage and we walked to his car.
	Driving through the streets of New York was as satisfactory as any orgasm any woman had ever given me. Tommy lived in a small apartment in Brooklyn. We got out of the car and carried the luggage upstairs. My heart already felt at home. The excitement of what would happen that night hardened my cock. Tommy noticed.
	Hey, knock that off, he said laughing. Its not even dark yet.
	I smiled. Sorry.
	This is my shitty apartment, he said with all the pride in the East Coast of North America.
	The living room was also the kitchen. There were two small rooms and the bathroom was in the hallway. It felt like home. I went into the smaller room and unpacked the few things I had. I placed the record player on a small table next to the bed. My clothes stayed inside the suitcase and the suitcase went under the bed. I unpacked my brand new typewriter and set it on the ground. Tommy came in.
	A typewriter? he asked. Since when are you a writer?
	Its 1966, Tommy, I said. Im going to write the most obscene piece of literature ever written. And it will, of course, all be based on my adventures in these filthy streets.
	What are you going to tittle it?
	Diary of a Faggot
	We both chuckled. 
	So, I said. I assume you have the clothes.
	Yes, you slut. I even got you a nice wig. he said.
	I fell back on the bed and looked at the ceiling with a smile. I couldnt wait for nighttime.
	Since my legs were already shaved and I was lucky enough to have no facial hair, all I had to do was get dressed. It was already 8 p.m. and I was ready. The streets were calling, and it ached to have to wait for Tommy to get ready. I knocked on his door.
	Come on, man!
	Just give me a few minutes. Im having a wardrobe malfunction.
	Ugh!
	I looked at the clock on the wall. 8:15 what a rabid sin. The miraculous streets of New York were calling me, and I had to wait for Tommy to stick his cock between his legs. What a bitch waiting was. 
	I sat down and lit a gray cigarette. The purple smoke smelled of lavender dreams. 
	Tommy came out with dark red fishnets on his legs, a short black skirt, and a tight white blouse. And who could forget the heels. Tommy was balancing his 185 pounds on heels that made him over 6 and a quarter feet tall. He looked like Venus as a pale man. His golden curls had been straightened and the tresses were so long that they reached his ass like a golden wave.
	I too looked like Venus. Venus in furs, that is. Besides the cheap fur, I wore black stockings, a flannel skirt with black and white patterns, and a tight t-shirt that was cut to show my ribcage. My heels werent as elegant as Tommys, but I looked like a Venus of tanned foam walking her 173 pounds on vintage spikes.
	The cheap furs Tommy had bought for me made my neck and arms itch. But it complimented me enough that I couldnt even imagine taking it off. We were complete. We were beautiful. Ready to take the streets and to be taken in the streets. Or so I thought.
	As we walked out, dressed and dolled up, Tommy grabbed my shoulder and turned me around. He presented in front of me a blue box with a tacky pink ribbon. I grabbed it, took off the ribbon, and opened it. There was a wig as black as a ravens claw neatly folded at the bottom of the box. I pulled it up like a helpless puppet. I ran my fingers through it and I felt my cock getting hard under the flannel skirt. I put it on. Tommy pulled a small mirror from his purse and handed it to me. I looked even better than before, believe it or not. 
	I mouthed the words thank you and hugged Tommy. Now, we were ready.
	Outside, smoking cigarettes, and walking around we felt great. We owned the night. All that needed to occur now, was for the night to own us. Some people stared, and others ignored us. But we didnt care. We went to the subway station, paid, and waited to be transported to Manhattan.
	The trainride was dull but short. We got off near the downtown area of Manhattan. What Hunter S. would refer to as the main nerve. The lights were bright, the streets were covered with beasts like us, but none of them were as gorgeous as we were. I lit a cigarette and sat under a streetlight waiting to be asked for favors. Tommy sat close by, next to a bar, and waited for the same
thing to happen. Drunks came out and ignored us. We were dust. Beautiful dust. But dust, nonetheless. A tall man in a business suit came out of the bar. He took off his glasses, and his red face was handsome. At least Id like to believe so. After all, I couldnt be too hesitant with my choices. Queens like me, though queens, could not have the luxury of being tied to make our choices out of convenience. Any cock would bring what we wanted. I just happened to get lucky with the man attached to that cock.
I got close to him.
	I took the cigarette out of my mouth. So, pleasure or pain, baby, which one will do?
	He looked at me and smiled. I signaled Tommy with my eyes. He came behind the man and wrapped his arms around him. We got everything you need and more, honey.
	He looked at Tommy and smiled an even more sincere smile.
	How about we go to a more private place, ladies? he asked.
	We nodded beautiful nods. He excused himself back to the bar to call for a taxi. He didnt trust the ones on the street at night. Tommy and I smiled to each other with the excitement of several lifetimes. Even though Tommy was open about his sexuality and preferences, he had only come out dressed as a goddess a handful of times. And this handful was just to find the best spots around the streets. I passed him a cigarette. Before we could light the cigarettes or say a word to each other, the business man came out again.
	Our cab will be here in a couple of minutes, he said.
	Whats your name? I asked handing him a cigarette.
	He put the cigarette behind his ear. Zachary.
	That sounds like the name of a man with a big cock, Tommy said.
	The three of us laughed under the cool dome of the night.
	As our laughter settled, a yellow taxi stopped next to us. A black man with a green kepi was sitting as the driver. He gave us a smile of yellow teeth and gold fillings. We got on and the taxi of our demise disappeared into the darker streets of New York.
	Zachary sat in the front of the taxi and talked to the man with the green kepi. They seemed like old friends. Tommy and I sat in the back, excited as all hell.
	You never told me your name, Tommy said.
	I looked at him confused. 
	Yeah, he kept going. Im Goldilocks. Who are you?
	Natalia, I said without thinking.
	He chuckled a bit.
	The ride had seemed to have stretched out for an hour. But in what seemed like the length of the sneeze of a nun, we were at the pier. Tommy and I looked at each other, confused. The man with the green kepi opened the glove compartment and pulled out two guns. Zachary grabbed one.
	Still in the cloud of distorted confusion, and before we could react, Tommy and I had a barrel pointing at our heads.
	Get out, you fucking faggots, Zachary said. His face was still red and handsome.
	I tried to yell and the man with the green kepi, who was in my side, hit me with the butt of the gun. The hit wasnt too hard but it was effective. I saw green lights and my nose began to bleed. My furs was tainted. Tommy saw what happened and decide to not yell or cause any problems.
	Through the pier and behind some enormous containers we ended up deep within the heart of a yard. The yard was arid and clothed in decrepit concrete. There were some older, rusted containers there. They seemed abandoned. Zachary opened one of the containers and the man with the green kepi filed us in like dumb elementary schoolers.
	Inside, Zachary closed the doors. The man with the green kepi turned on three big electrical lights that were connected to a medium-sized generator. The lights were blinding. As I covered my eyes I felt someone hit the back of my knees with a crowbar. The pain was as sharp as Tommys heels. I bent on my knees. They did the same to Tommy. 
	A pipe ran across the inside of the container. We were handcuffed to it. Tommy, as if to say something, put his head up and before anything could be said he received a punch to the side of the face. The knuckles of that fist were dressed in brass. I saw the brass pull back with blood. I said nothing and looked down. Urine ran down the side of my leg. My furs were covered in blood and urine. Classy.
	For what seemed like days, needles were inserted into us and then removed, pieces of metal and brass knuckles tried to crack our faces, spit landed like kamikazes on our complexity, and insults rained like mean bombs over Guernica. It was hell. We were a mess. And they laughed and laughed. All under that white light whose electricity seemed to create a surreal mantle that covered us.
	After what seemed like two eternities with 87 more eternities pending, the sadism stopped. We were left hanging from our wrists. I could hear Tommy moaning painful sounds. I was praying to die or for the A-bomb the Russians had to drop in New York. Neither happened. 
	Come on, lets leave these butterflies to rest for the night, said Zachary.
	The man with the kepi laughed. Yes, they have a long day tomorrow; Papa likes em alive and with screams left in them.
	They turned off the electric lights. They stepped out still laughing and closed the doors of the container. The sound of the doors closing was almost deafening. We hung there. 
	I waited for some minutes to pass and then stood up. My arms felt non-existent. I tried to move my fingers around. They barely responded. I called Tommys name. He didnt respond. I called again. Still nothing. I called louder. Nada.
	My legs didnt stand the pressure of my weight on the heels. I collapsed. As I did I heard the side of the pipe unhinge from the side of the container and slide down making this awful high-pitched noise. Our weight had worked its magic on the old pipe.
	The pipe had unhinged from the side closer to me. I worked my way to the edge of the pipe and freed my arms. I could breathe like a normal person again. I walked to the doors of the container and turned on the electric lights. Tommy hung from the pipe unrecognizable, grotesque, and covered in blood. I was terrified but saw that he was still breathing. I got closer to him. He breathed soft moans and couldnt lift his head up.
	I took off my heels on the plastic sheets that covered the floor of the container. With the handcuffs still on me, I turned off the electric lights and prayed to whatever fucker there was in heaven that the doors werent locked. I tried them once. Locked. My soul dripped out of my asshole. I closed my eyes, and tried the doors again. I heard a loud creak and the doors moved. I went out, and ran looking for help.
	That occurred two weeks ago. Im currently on the boat go away from New York. After leaving that container of horrors and getting lost in the pier I had some time to reflect. I couldnt go to the police or anyone else for help. Not only would I get in trouble for soliciting money for sex people would find out who I was. No one but Tommy knew I was a goddess unfortunate enough to have a cock. Other people couldnt know something like that. Thats the 60s I could get lynched in broad daylight for something like that. By the church, the state, my family, and any other asshole that was walking by. 
	I found my way back to Tommys apartment after getting out of the pier. I stayed there for a couple of weeks, until the scheduled departure of the ship that would take me back home. Nobody bothered me at Tommys. I assume he had paid the rent that month, before I got there. I went to the free clinic down the street with all the lepers, and sexually infected. They treated me and found out that besides some cuts and hematomas I was fine. Just beat up, they said. And when they asked, I just said I had gotten run over and didnt have the money for a real hospital. I dont know if they believed me.
	This morning I got on the ship that had brought me to my demise. I had three pieces of luggage. One contained my record player and my typewriter. Another my clothes. And the third my Venus clothes. Once it gets darker I will throw it into the sea, like a solemn burial. Even that perfect furs will drown. 
	I wonder what they did to Goldilocks. They didnt let him free thats for sure. Especially after I escaped. The poor fool is probably dead. Maybe they even tortured him more because they wanted to know where Id gone. 
	Hey, stop the damn noise with that fucking typewriter! someone yells from the cabin next door. I stop a few seconds and wait for the silence to settle. I grab the piece of luggage with the Venus contraptions, and make my way out of the cabin. I look at the moon and its orange vocabulary. I wonder if Tommy is looking at the same moon. Maybe he is, underwater. I throw the luggage over the side of the ship and watch it sink. I light one of my cigarettes. I inhale the lavender dreams of the smoke and wonder how I will explain to Linda and the kids that I got mauled by some thugs at the convention I was supposed to attend. I exhale a lavender bird.