I climbed out on all fours with my knees scraping against the smooth eroded stones of which were naturally cemented into the earth, wave after wave embedding them deeper and deeper, making the surface smooth yet uneven. What I see before me encloses my soul with a warm sensation, the familiar comfort I get when I would get out of bed and slip on my luscious plush robe. A sea of jewels lay ahead. The rays of the fire in the sky reflecting the lands colors against the smooth waves of the transparent ocean. Mesmerized, as time seemed to exist one moment, and drown in the depth of the sea the next. 


As quick as these wonderful seconds of drowning in free shots of bliss came, the harsh hangover of reality kicks in. I could feel my pupils expanding large across my iris, my body starts to tremble while every hair wakes up reaching toward every which way direction. I feel my adrenaline shooting through me like hyperactive venom in my veins.  My body takes off before my mind can catch up. I used to always loose myself in running, only enjoying the high I felt once all of my thoughts and days disperse under my feet leaving small trails that would eventually leave me nonexistent. 


My body is pushing to its limits, the smooth rocks below me barely keeping the traction between foot and planet. The jeweled body of sea beside me gives no breeze, yet I feel an overwhelming ill, stomach turning sensation coming towards me. There it is again. I try to keep the acidic taste in the back of my throat from moving any further. The crescendo of thousands of uninterpretable whispered voices engulf every piece of my being, muting the sounds of my heavy fleeing feet. My legs carry me across the rocky beach to the surrounding woods. If I slow anymore, it will catch up. First the calm, then the vile whispers, soon after, it will show up, and once more I run. 

The whispers linger on as I continue through the woods. I dodge the remains of wildlife and nature as I become a blurred image in this world. My spine starts to tingle, my ears burning from the core to the surface, and then I know that it must be close behind me. In the blink of an eye, without time to comprehend, the the fire once in the sky turns to a charred black mass of unimaginable ridden misery. Screams bellow around me, coming from every direction. I collapse mid-run, tumbling through the terrain into a pile of what I can only imagine to once be plant life. The screams are viscous. They drown every part of my being. They force them selves down my throat, up into my nasal cavity, and burrow through my ears. The heat of their voices around my crawl into my ears, creating a cold winter burn deep inside. I clench my eyes and squeeze my hands to my ears as I stay fetal on the ground. The warmth starts flowing between my fingers as the slight smell of iron exits my body. It has arrived.

Silence. 

Everything is black again. My eyes are open, but I see nothing. Knees sore, I start to crawl, my hands guiding me against the cool, smooth, uneven stones guiding me. Hours seem to pass when I see sign of light, a red, fiery light. Decades seem to waste away when I reach the opening of this dark, cool cave. I peek my head out and feel the familiar warm sensation reach every inch of my body. I see the fiery sky, my ears start to burn a cool winter burn, and for a split second I remember this isn't my first time back.


Thanks for reading my first short story-I usual journal or blog, just trying something outside my comfort zone(sorry for any grammatical errors).
Also, I'm not a fan of my title, suggestions welcomed! 