Warning the following contains adult content not fit for immature readers. 	



      Honestly I dont know what its like to even want to be alive anymore Emily thought to herself, her dads handgun sleeping peacefully in her lap. With a trembling hand she guided the resting beast up to her head, and laid it on her temple. She let her finger glide around the trigger, even giving it a few test jerks, before finally lowering the monster back down into a shoebox. And setting the small pistol under her bed once more, ready to sleep another day.
	Emily fell back onto her pillow and stared at the ceiling fan. This had become a nightly ritual for her. Get the gun out, imagine pulling the trigger for a few seconds, not do it, and then put the gun back. She wasnt sure if it helped, but damn it felt good. 
	Almost by clockwork the final part of Emilys ritual began. It started slowly, just a slight blur to her sight, a single tear sliding down, and then the storm.
	Bitch! Fuck! Shit! Pussy! Dammit! I wouldve killed myself months ago if I wasnt such a little bitch! She whispered furiously into the air as tears slid down her cheeks. She slammed her fists into her pillow, and then struck with an idea, thrust her fists into her legs, stomach, face, anything she could think that would cause her pain. 
	She did this until she couldnt take anymore, and just laid there. Her sweat pooled under her, snot ran from her nose, and her tears stuck on her face. Her face shriveled in disgust at how she must appear. 
	I have everything I could ever want. Emily thought. I shouldnt feel this way. I have a family. Im not poor. I have friends. Fuck Im not even gay. If only the people with real problems could see me now. Oh look at the poor little girl, how it must suck to be her. Here I know Im floating on a raft in the middle of a hurricane, but youve got me if you ever need my help or support. Bitch Emily snorted to herself. Yeah that would go over well. I would trade anything to have cancer or something so that I didnt get the chance to puss out whenever death gets a little too scary. Im a fucking loser.
	With that she ran a quick hand over her face to clean herself up, pulled the blankets up over her, and tried to fall asleep.
	

------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------


	The next morning Emily got out of bed with ease, and draped a robe around herself. She tightened it quickly and grabbed her phone off of the bedside table. 
	Damn, I forgot to charge it. Oh well. She said cheerfully as she unplugged the charger from the wall and stuff it into the same pocket as her phone. Making her way downstairs, she heard the sizzle of the friar, before being swallowed by the wonderful smell of bacon. 
	Dad are you cooking? She asked as she dropped herself into a chair in the kitchen. 
	Yup, got some bacon and sausage going. Pancakes are going on next, and eggs are last. Biscuits are in the oven. I thought you should get a nice breakfast for your first day of College. A slightly balding man in sweatpants answered. 
	This is awesome Dad. Seriously thank you. Emily responded.
	Its no problem at all honey. He said dropping a bit more meat into the grease. How was your night?
	Pretty good actually. I had a dream that my old high school had a drug problem.
	Mr. Stone turned away from the stove to do a fake surprised gasp at his daughter. 
	I mean a different drug problem. Supposedly there was this stuff call White Water that you just rubbed under your nose and suddenly you would feel really good and hallucinate a bit. And the school starting cracking down really hard, you know just bursting into bathrooms and stuff trying to catch people doing it.
	Did you take any of this White Water? He asked inquisitively.
	A bit, towards the end of the dream.
	Good, never go by word of mouth, always see for yourself. He joked. 
	Emily laughed as a giant steaming plate of food was dropped in front of her. 
	Eat up. Youve got a big day today. Oh and hey, are you still taking your meds?
	Yes sir. She responded as she dropped her daily antidepressant on her tongue and swallowed. Her father loved so much to feel like he was helping. She would never tell him that the pills werent working.
	Mr. Stone politely excused himself to get ready for work, and once he left the room Emily set down her fork and stared into her food.
	Something has to change. She thought to herself I cant keep living like this. Decent during the day but ready to end it all at night. Something has to happen. I need to pick a side. Do I want to live, or not?
	Whats up? Youre not eating. Are you alright? Emilys Mom said from the doorway.
	What? Oh, yeah Im fine. Sorry just kind of nervous about school is all.
	Dont worry its going to be much better than high school. The people there dont give a shit, theres no pressure. Besides, youre brilliant youll do great.
	Yeah, okay. Emily grabbed another bite before pushing the plate away then heading upstairs to change. A half hour later, with everything checked and double checked Emily hung a lanyard around her neck and set off for her first day of school. 
	All of the way there she couldnt help but think of the night before. How much easier life would have been if she had pulled the trigger. What it would be like to be happy all of the time and not in brief bursts. What death would be like. What hope for the future would feel like.
	She pulled onto the interstate and continued thinking about life, death, and what would happen to her family and friends if she were gone. 
	Lost in her thoughts she barely noticed the large truck she was getting dangerously close to, until the entire car shook with the impact. Emily jerked pack to reality and her face paled. Her hands started violently shaking as she pulled over to the side of the road behind the truck which now wore a sizable dent in the back.
	Once parked a burly man stepped out of the truck and stormed over to her. Emily quickly threw herself out of the car, and quickly scattered away from him.
	Hey what the hell? He shouted. Emily glanced left and right trying to find a way out. Her heart beat furiously, it was over. It was all over. She had screwed up too badly this time. Nobody was going to bail her out of this one. 
	She kept taking steps backwards, and the middle aged man stopped advancing. Noticing her panic he tried to calm her down. Young lady, its okay. Just come on back and give me your insurance. Its fine. See Youre okay, Im okay. No harm done.
	But Emily heard nothing, save for the sounds of cars underneath her. She ran over to the railing to see cars flying past underneath her. None of them paid any mind to her, none of them slowed down before approaching the bridge.
	Emily cast one more panicked look at the man before draping a leg over the railing. 
	I cant believe I did that. Im so screwed. My life is over. Im going to jail. Im fucked. I cant believe this. Fuck. She whispered to herself. 
	Hey. Hey! Dont do anything youll regret. Just come on back from there. Youll be fine. Its okay.
	Emily wasnt listening. She couldnt hear anything. Her beating heart and screaming mind took sound from her. She pulled the other leg over and sat on the railing, her hands barely able to hold onto the cold metal. 
	Stop! The man shouted and charged at her. 
	She looked at him and whispered Sorry. sadly before pushing off one last time.




----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

	Mrs. Stone was washing the dishes from breakfast when the call came. She dried off her hands and grabbed her cell phone from the living room. 
	Hello, who is this?
	Mrs Stone? A very male voice said.
	Her heart dropped.
	Yes. Whats wrong? Is Emily okay?
	Im sorry to say that this morning, your daughter threw herself off of a bridge into traffic. We could not resuscitate her when we arrived on scene. Shes currently at the Yoliac Police station. Im so very sorry for your loss.