(I thought of this at 2AM while studying biochemistry)

"So, What did you want to talk about?"

She said this as she took another sip of her coffee. She was looking through me as she always had.

"Well, I'm looking for someone. The biggest problem is that the world is huge."

She grinned at this and put her cup down.

"Now is the time to talk Mici, it's not going to get any easier."

I took my wallet out and showed her a picture of the man I was looking for.

"He's looking good, but from the age of this picture I can tell you're not looking to hook up with him. Now Mici? Why are you looking for him?"

I looked up to meet those piercing eyes again.

"This is a picture from twenty-one years ago. It's actually how I got into this career. "

"I thought it was a family business."

"It is, but I wouldn't have been doing exactly this if this hadn't happened."

"Then tell me what 'this' is already"

"So twenty-one years ago my sisters were all out, my father was talking business with my grandfather and my mother was out getting some groceries. It wasn't really a good idea to leave a five year old home-alone, especially in our situation, but it happened and I was just sitting in my room minding my own business. So, not much later I heard this loud crack, someone forced open our door and two people were running through our house. I went to my dad's study and grabbed the first gun I could found. They opened the door to the study and of course they laugh because I was a fucking five year old holding a gun. They tried to come over to me and I shot one of them, in the gut. The other one just ran away, deserting his friend while I was in shock. The next thing I remember my dad is on the phone shouting to someone and my mom held me close. A few years later I found out they had come to kill me, to drive my family out of the country and back into the rest of Europe."

I looked back up and she didn't even look shocked.

"Go on."

"So, as you know that didn't work. Right now we practically own the country and everything in it. So, I'm looking for that man. I want my revenge, I want him to know."

"Well, I do know where this guy is. The problem is, you're not going to like it."

"Well where?"

She put her now empty cup down and sighed.

"Luxembourg..."

"Of course, he fucking knew! He fucking knows that's the only place I am not able to go."

"You can go there, just hope they don't see you. You need to be stealthy."

I sighed and got up laying some money on the table.

"I'll be of then, let's just hope I return alive and this guy doesn't."

"I'm guessing you're using the old gun also?"

"Of course, I've got style sweetheart." 

I grinned and walked out to finally get the revenge I had been seeking for twenty-one years.