This is actually the first chapter of a novella I'm writing; I just wanted to get some feedback and see if I'm heading in the right direction. Any and all criticism is welcomed, even if you think you're nitpicking.

Long Story Ahead: 2098 Words

Irvin stood at the counter, tapping the surface as he waited for a customer to pop in. It was a much poorer area than he was used to; back in the big city, he usually had one or two customers waiting to get in before opening, and it wasnt uncommon for lines to form out the door in the afternoon.

But here, he was lucky if more than six people were in the shop at a time. And their ideal memories were almost always the same: ice cream on sunny afternoons, epic battles of imagination with siblings, the rock band starting in the garage becoming a local success, beautiful weddings with luxurious honeymoons

Still, it was better than seeing the alternative. He had yet to euthanize a single person, which was much more than he could say about his city job. So many freaks and creeps wandering around that urban cesspool. He figured he should appreciate his new job a bit more.

The tiny bell above the door chimed as a well-to-do man waltzed in, wearing a green velvet robe and silk pajama pants. Giving Irvin an extravagant bow, he asked, How do you do, my good sir?

The resulting smile on his face was genuine; he found the new customers actions amusing. Im doing fine today! And how are you?

Just wonderful. The man straightened and pulled his card out of his pocket. Thin, glossy and black, Irvin could only imagine the obscene amount of points on it, considering how richly dressed its owner was. Would you check the balance for me, my good man? Im afraid Ive forgotten my own worth.

Remember, your points dont define your worth as a person, Irvin purred as he scanned the card.

Oh, enough of that nonsense. Im here for new memories, not an attitude change.

Yes, but Councilman Orition has requested that all clerks working at a Felaman store remind their customers of this. Its his way of letting you know that the big guys really do care.

Please, theres no way you could possibly believe such drivel.

Your balance is two-million-three-hundred-and-sixty-two-thousand-and-eighty-four points. And my personal beliefs dont affect the motives of our Councilpeople. Irvin grew less relaxed, wondering what the customers intentions were with such a remark. All Felaman stores were monitored by the government; false accusations could easily land you with a fine of three hundred thousand points when made to a government employee.

The wealthy man put on a look of false sympathy, eyebrows knitted in an attempt to seem forlorn. But theyre such crooks, devoting all of their budget to the big shops, while poorer areas dont even get proper monitoring.

Irvins jaw almost dropped upon hearing the words. His supervisor had been right; some people really would believe any rumor they heard. Trying to keep a straight face, he decided to play along. Well, sir, its simply the smartest thing to do. If you could only afford to feed three out of five families, wouldnt you pick the three biggest so you could help the most people?

I suppose. Still, some freak might try to take advantage of such a fact. With that, the man pulled out a second card and set it on the counter.

Irvin rolled his eyes. Like you?

Oh, come on. I wont hurt anyone, I promise. Its just a thought, isnt it?

He rubbed his chin, pretending to think. Well how much is on this card?

Two hundred thousand, the man said eagerly. Check it. Im not lying!

Oh, I believe you! What memory package did you want today, sir? Putting on a saccharine grin, Irvin placed the card inside an empty drawer reserved for lost point cards.

Childhood will be all. The man tapped the counter impatiently. I dont mean to rush you, but perhaps you could makes this a bit quicker than usual? Ive got dinner reservations in an hour, and it takes fifty minutes to get there

Absolutely! Have a seat, sir. Still smiling, Irvin tapped the computer screen. A small heat-resistant plastic seat automatically unfolded itself next to the counter. It was nothing special; just a thick plastic square with an equally sturdy back. Irvin had always considered putting stickers on it.

Grinning, he sat down. Irvin pulled a metal cap out from underneath the computer and placed it on the mans head. Just one moment, sir. Since we dont have a very large budget at this store, itll take a bit longer than youre probably used to.

No matter. It wont take that long, will it?

No, sir. Irvin tapped the call disposal icon, then the Memory icon, then the Childhood icon. The cap whirred for half a second, then buzzed as a four-inch long narrow copper coil penetrated the mans skull. It delivered an electric current of 125 milliamps, then retracted back into the cap. The computer screen flashed urgently with the words Customer terminated due to disturbed thoughts.

Irvin calmly hit the okay icon, then pulled the cap off of the dead man.

There are still weirdos everywhere, he muttered, unplugging and placing the dirty cap in a drawer next to the computer. Even if youre not in their city, theyll come and find you. Disgusting excuses for life. He pulled open the drawer of spares and plugged one into the computer, then set it in its usual position.

The bell rang as the disposal worker walked in. Hey, Mr. Whelock! Long time, no see!

Irvin squinted at her, then beamed in delight. Karen! Howve you been?

Fine, fine. Still got my birdies, so Im pretty content. She looked around the small shop, seemingly entranced. Gee, I havent been to this store in years I honestly figured I wasnt gonna see it again.

And I was just starting to think that maybe this would have some advantages to my city job, he said with a sigh. But, no, this guy had to come in Im pretty sure hes from a big city, though. Ive never seen him around here.

She smiled politely and nodded, pulling a large black bag from her pocket as he rambled. Well, Id kill to stand around and press buttons all day. I hate this job. Teleport, pick up a body. Teleport, throw that body in the compost. Rinse and repeat until clinically insane.

Irvin chuckled. Yeah, I cant say Im too jealous of your career choice He pulled the dirtied helmet out and set it on the counter.

She opened the bag and slid the corpse into it, then tied it up and let it fall on the floor. Pulling out a metal circle, she turned back to Irvin. Have you ever teleported?

Yeah, once, but I got sick. Thats why Im standing here instead of hauling bodies like you.

Lucky you. With a bitter smile, Karen set the metal disc on the floor and gently kicked it. It hummed softly, waiting for a command. She barked, Compost heap one-four-A, then dragged the body onto the teleporter. It stopped for a moment, then began squealing as it teleported the body to the designated compost heap.

It took a few seconds for the body to disappear completely. Once it was done, Karen said, Break room. Follow. It went silent. She stepped on it and winced as it squealed again. Two seconds later, both she and the disc were gone.

Irvin checked his watch; he still had an hour to kill before his shift was over. Luckily, someone he recognized walked into the shop.

Mr. Whelock, how much do you earn in a month? Phoebe, his teenaged neighbor, waltzed inside with a notepad in one hand and a pen in the other.

Amused, Irvin crossed his arms and leaned forward on the counter. Ms. Benchea, how is that any of your business?

Im putting in some job apps. I need to buy my own car, get my own place to live, all that junk. I wanna know if I should bother applying here.

You shouldnt. It requires obeying any command youre given from a supervisor.

Phoebe rolled her eyes. I can handle that.

Not according to the screaming fits I hear every evening. You cant even follow directions from your own mother; Im not going be responsible for referring a brat who cant be quiet and do as shes told.

They they arent screaming fits, she muttered. And you shouldnt be listening in on me.

Oh, I wish I didnt. But I cant exactly thicken the walls.

Flustered, Phoebe pointed her pen directly at his nose. Look, just tell me what Ill earn and what benefits Ill get.

Well, if you manage to land a job here, youll be regarded as a miracle of science; most people arent able to force themselves to age two years. You have to be eighteen to apply for a job involved with Felaman.

Ugh! Youre so unhelpful! Just tell me, okay? What if I want to apply later?

Smiling sweetly, he replied, Thats classified information.

Phoebe scowled and threw her things on the counter, then slumped against the wall. Why do you have to be such a--

Pheeb, I work here full-time. I live in the same crappy, ratty apartment complex you do and I cant even begin to count the times youve insulted my car. Why the hell would you even bother asking about the wages?

Dont call me Pheeb, she muttered.

And, he continued, whats the rush with finding a job? You arent going to graduate for four years.

Her cheeks turned bright red, but she spat, Graduation happens when youre eighteen, retard.

Irvin knew he shouldnt stoop to her level, but he figured it couldnt hurt too much. Yes, but you got held back twice, retard.

The computer beeped twice. Irvin whipped around, only to be greeted with Five thousand points have been removed from your paycheck. Please watch your language. For future reference, the offending word you used was: RETARD shining on the screen.

Whatd you do? she scoffed.

I just proved why youd never be able to work here, he said proudly, hoping to make his mistake into a victory. Irvin turned the monitor to face Phoebe. See? I just got fined for cursing. Youd go into debt if you worked here.

I dont swear that much! God, youre like everyone else! Always assuming!

Except I know what Im talking about.

Phoebe shouted a few unintelligible syllables, then stormed out, forgetting her notepad. Sighing, Irvin took it and placed it his pants pocket. A few gears whirred in his head before he scrambled to take it out, but he failed to do so before a security officer clicked his tongue over the speakers. Please remove the customers property from your clothing, Mr. Whelock.

Nodding, he attempted to explain as he clumsily retrieved the notepad from his pants. Shes my neighbor. I was going to bring it to her when I went home.

Neighbor or not, you have to leave it in the Lost and Found. Weve been over this, Mr. Whelock.

I-I know, its just an instinct of sorts. He tossed it into the bin near his feet, then pulled out his pockets and held his hands high in the air. Am I cleared now?

Hold on yes. Try to break that habit, please. Under his breath, the security officer spat something garbled only to be greeted by beeps similar to those Irvin had recently met.

And you should try to break that habit, Irvin said jokingly.

Shut up. Another two beeps followed his statement. What the--is that really a curse now?! He hung up, angrily grousing about something Irvin couldnt quite catch.

Well, little lady, if your stupid little notebook is going to get me in trouble, I have a right to know whats in it. With that, he pulled the notepad back out of the bin and began flipping through it. Drawings, fancy signatures, outfit plans and arbitrary numbers covered most of the pages. He noticed one of the plans was dated 4/12/81; tomorrows date. Nothing about it stood out much, except for the thrice-underlined ribbon that was to be tied at her left elbow. Apparently, it had to be indigo and no thicker than five centimeters in diameter.

Chuckling at the youths odd fads, he decided hed copy her and see if she noticed the next day. Considering how sensitive to outfit lookalikes most teenagers her age were, itd elicit some sort of reaction.

But who knew? Maybe shed surprise him.

And maybe pigs would fly. It seemed just as likely to him.