Miranda Noakes met with her brothers in the woods of Abadeen on that cold autumns day. Magnus and Rudibert werent happy with her, but she had a plan to make up for it.

Well? Magnus asked, Why did you call us here, Druid? Rudi just stood there, big and muscular, arms crossed at his large chest.

Miranda, the small waif of a girl with black hair, had supposedly dishonored her clan, her warrior-clan, by joining a band of druids. She felt she was too small to do any good in battle if she had to rely on her physical prowess, so she went the magical route. She wasnt well loved there, either, unfortunately. It turned out she was a natural, extremely powerful, and never had to work to get a handle of the mystical world. This made her appear laid back and lazy to the rest. The first, for the most part, is indeed true. She would much rather let the world do her thing than do anything about it. But lazy, no. She spent nearly a year outside her studies to look for something that her family was struggling to find. Something that they felt was their birthright.

The Horn of Bantor? The battlehorn given to the great Bantor by the war goddess Morga in order to help him never lose another battle? That thing youve been looking for since you were twelve? I found it.

The looks of shock on her brothers faces were almost too much for her, but she held back the laughter. I want back in the clan. This time without the dirty looks. This seems like a good way in.

I cant speak for the elders, but if you truly know where it is, and help us find it, I cant imagine they would deny you. Magnus, his sandy blonde hair and lithe body was barely able to contain the excitement.

Where is it? Rudi asked, finally using his voice.

Miranda waved her hands in the familiar pattern. This will feel funny. The world exploded in light, and as it faded, the three of them found that they were in a dusty cave like setting. As their eyes adjusted, the recognized it as a crypt.

Miranda took off running. Follow me. Her brothers followed her to a hole in the wall that opened up into a large cave with a light coming down in the center. In that beam, sat a majestic battlehorn. Now before you Before she could finish that sentence, Magnus and Rudi stormed into the cave and went straight for the horn. Wait!

But nothing happened. They reached the horn, picked it up and returned. In her studies, Miranda had read that there was a trap set to prevent thieves from getting to it. She was confused until she turned around.

The dead were coming out of their resting places and were approaching the siblings, armed to the hilt. The brothers pulled out their weapons: Magnus, a great battle ax; Rudi, a mighty warhammer. Magnus handed Miranda the horn. Protect this, little Mira. It was a name he hadnt called her since she told him about her departure from the clan.

The power from the horn surged through her like a bolt of lightning. Her brothers fought off the monsters while she recovered. She almost didnt hear Magnus yelling for her.

Can you get us out of here like you got us in here?

She tried to think about what he was asking and realized he wanted her to teleport them back to the woods. We need to get back to the spot where we started.

Follow us then. The brothers battled their way through, Miranda helping with her battle magic when she could, every time realizing she had more power than she usually had. It hit her that Bantor may have been a druid. It was hinted in some of the history books that some of the most powerful war leaders were of the order. The horn, she now suspected, helped increase the power of battle magic.

The dead warriors seemed to know their plan and were crowding the crypt more and more as they approached the teleportation spot. The brothers were handling it, with the help of Miranda, but as they approached the spot, the final trap was set. The dead bodies went ablaze.

The brothers were in the mist and began to burn with them. In her fear, Miranda used her magic to pull her brother out of the fire, then flood the halls, wiping the enemies away, keeping herself and her brothers safe. She didnt know she could do that.

But her brothers were not okay. Rudi didnt respond to Mirandas calls at all, and she watched the fire burn out in his eyes, his skin charred nearly beyond recognition. Magnus wasnt much better. He, at least, was able to give his final words to her. You are truly a warrior of the Noakes clan, and I am proud to call you sister. He handed her his ax, a most sacred gesture, and gave up his ghost to Morga.

Miranda returned to her clan, where the wary eyed members quickly changed their look when they realized she was holding the ax of Magnus and the Horn of Bantor. They praised her with an elaborate dinner, and a huge festival in honor of the brothers sacrifice was held that night. They wanted to make the druid their next war leader.

She went back to the order of the druids, hoping never to see another battle in her life.
