8:02. I hate moments like these. Saturday night, all the energy in the world, and nothing to do. 

It was a long week. Without anything exciting, that long week just continues through the weekend to next Friday. I cant endure another 12 day week.

I hate social media. Everyone is sharing all the adventures they are experiencing; everyone but me. 

I tried to get out of the house. I texted people. At least two or three. No response. I hate my friends. Not all of them, just the ones that get out more than I do. Many of them dont, but thats different.
A notification! This night isnt lost yet-

Its from Verizon. Im out of data, and the cycle doesnt end for two more weeks. Phenomenal.

This sucks. I just wanted to go out and live life. Why didnt anyone invite me? Do my friends hate me? Am I not good enough for them anymore? Did I change? No I didnt. But maybe they think I did. I made a sexist joke to my friend the other day. It was really funny, but a few people overheard, and I was duly confronted. Word spreads; everyone has a big mouth. Thats why I try to say only what other people want to hear, but sometimes I slip up. When I slip up, I get the cold shoulder. Thats it. Thats why Im sitting at home bored out of my mind this Saturday night.

I hate that I say things I know people wont want to hear. Nobody truly likes anyone else. They fall in love with the roles that others act out, but they dont like each others true personalities. I play a lot of roles. I like to keep my options open. I play different roles depending on the groups Im around, so that whoever Im interacting with will like me. Im really good at it, I should have given drama club a chance. Too bad their reputation is so bad. If I joined drama club I would have been alienated from the baseball players. 

I like the baseball players. The school season just started, so Ive been around them a lot lately. Too much though, I fear. The role I play around the baseball guys wouldnt be appreciated by my other groups. That role is starting to leak into other facets of my life, thats how I let myself be heard making the sexist joke. Dammit. 

Sometimes I think I put too much emphasis on petty things, like getting caught making a sexist joke. But I know its justified. Im a Senior in High School, everyone is petty. Petty things dictate high school life. My standing with teachers depends on my completion of each nights homework, and their respect for me on my grades and test scores. With friends- its dependent on whether or not I am overheard making sexist jokes.

Might as well check my phone. 8:07. No new notifications. 3 new Snapchat stories, however. Haleys at the mall. Marys eating sushi. Arnold is getting high. None of them with me, of course. Sushi sounds fantastic. I wish I was eating sushi with Mary. I hate Snapchat. And Mary.

Really though, who cares? Im 17. Im going out of state for college, and Ill probably stay away from here after that. How many of my friends are going to keep in touch through college? And after college? 1 or 2, maybe. Hopefully. I like my friends. Even if they dont invite me to join them on Saturday nights like these.

Still, the pointlessness of my current relationships doesnt ease the boredom. I used to play video games at times like these, but I really havent been in the mood lately. I could stream a movie, but if someone asks to hang out while Im in the middle of the movie, its unlikely Ill respond. No movie, just in case. I want to maintain the option of going out tonight.

Seriously, what did I do in times like these? I wasnt all that social my first two years of high school. Back before I was on Snapchat and Twitter, I often spent my Saturday nights home alone. And it was great. I looked forward to alone time, when I could just be by myself and enjoy my solitude. 

I did change. No. Society changed me. I didnt care about being alone before I was absorbed by social media. It wasnt a problem until everyone elses grand time was shoved down my throat.

I want to go back in time to those days just a few years prior. I was happier then. I didnt loathe myself in moments like these. I recuperated from tough weeks with my alone time. But now, I cant seem to give myself a recharge unless I go out with my friends.

8:10, and still no notifications. However, theres a couple new tweets. Carlos felt the need to tell the world that Its lit. I guess hes having a fun time. Without me.

This sucks. Is this how everyone feels all the time? It cant be, or everyone would always frantically make plans to avoid doing nothing.

This cant be healthy. Why am I so disappointed about staying home. What was the secret I forgot since Sophomore year? Am I addicted to human interaction? Losing control when I spend too much time without seeing any of my friends? I didnt know this sadness over such a common and mundane occurrence.

Maybe thats it. I didnt know that I should be sad. I didnt know that spending most Saturday nights alone was shitty because I usually spent Saturday nights alone. 

Dont get me wrong- I had friends back then. I wasnt antisocial. But at the same time, I didnt stay out late. I didnt leave my comfort zone at all. My idea of fun back then would be much less interesting if repeated here and now.

Hold on- I think Im on to something. Ideas and emotions cannot exist without a counterpart. One cannot experience success without failure. Thats why socialism is a bad idea. You cant win unless somebody, somewhere loses.

Its the same thing with sadness. I was the most miserable after losing my first girlfriend. But that depression didnt take place until after I had experienced the euphoria of my first real relationship. You cant have the perfect party without the equally perfect hangover the next morning.

I dont wish I could go back to the days where I enjoyed being home by myself. I have more friends now, and Im more involved- with everything. Im in clubs now. I play a sport for my school. Ive integrated into multiple groups of friends. Call me shallow, but Im more popular now than I was then. Popularity does matter, and it doesnt stop mattering until after youre fully removed from the high school community.

Im so sullen now because I know how much fun I could be having. Ive had so many experiences since Sophomore year. Ive made memories. Ill never forget the ugly sweater gift exchange back in December, or my first kiss Junior year.

But not all memories are good ones. Ill never forget this past Halloween, no matter how much I want to. Either way, I dont wish it hadnt happened. Bad experiences serve to amplify the good ones.

So no, I dont want to go back to a version of me that didnt hate being home on a Saturday night. Infrequent bouts of boredom are a small price to pay for making these past couple years of my life memorable. The only way to relieve the pain is to erase the frame of reference, and thats something I absolutely dont want to do.

Is that a vibration? I think so. Finally.

8:18. No new notifications. There was no vibration. Fuck my life. I hate myself. I hate everyone.


This was my first submission to /r/shortstories. Please let me know what you think!