Someone once said, you never know how long a year is till youre sober. That person understood what is at the heart of every highly functioning alcoholic. I smiled to myself and took another sip from the whiskey bottle I kept in a dry box at the bottom of my boat. Like another great motto, you dont need alcohol to have a good time, but it certainly helps. Alcoholism is a harsh word but complacency is a strong habit. I never thought in terms of addiction because the honest truth of it was I didnt believe I was an addict, and save me the first step bull shit. Im bored, very bored and very concerned that my life may continue in the way that it has been; slowly and steadily marching on, and up, but to an inevitably anti-climactic summation. I feared this more than anything. So, should I be inspired to live boldly and work hard to achieve greatness? Yes! Im not one of these entitled young people who believe that their simple existence is worth noting and everything additional they might achieve is a benefit to humanity. I see all too clearly how unmentionable, how irrelevant, my life is. Even my recognition of my own ineffectiveness and the associated depression is such a commonplace struggle it is, in itself, not worth mentioning. I thought of the platitudinal slogans that flew around peoples speech and were tattooed on forearms and backs with a sophomoric blissfulness that failed to encourage so many fellow sufferers - Not everyone who wanders is lost - complete impotency. I also understand that nothing great is achieved without effort. I desire more than anything to throw my entire self at a passion and enslave myself to an idea that I know to be the cause, my cause, and that; is the problem. My life is an equation where you need the answer in order to be able to form the problem. How was I going to create anything without knowing what it was I was building. I had no passion. Passion is a flighty thing. I have experienced brief moments of passion and understanding like everybody else, but never learned anything from these all too brief glimpses of what life could be. I continued to wait for my moment of existential enlightenment. A - and then it was clear to me that I needed to devote my life to - moment, but it never came. So, I pass the time until it does. I kept contemplating this issue as I took another long pull from the whiskey bottle. Some lubricant for the lures had gotten onto the neck of the bottle and coated my mouth in its oily sweetness. I licked it off my lips. The taste and earthy smell reminded me of fishing trips as a kid. 

A scream made me look back at where my family was on the shore. A laugh followed, bouncing off the small lake. My family was on the shore that sat far below a tall house. The house was a beautiful and historic old home that despite its size and ornateness, maintained an unpretentious presence. For someone raised in Wisconsin it was a monument to family and midwestern simplicity. Its halls and beach had been loved and enjoyed for a hundred years by families just like mine. These homes have a governing ideology that keep their guests honest and grateful. The fact that many of the owners refer to their massive estates in the woods as cabins speak to their homes noble callings as simple family gathering places. This one had been passed down the line of the previous owner's family for over eighty years, only becoming available after every family member had passed away; the last in the master bedroom. Death or bankruptcy are the only ways these large homes come onto the market. My family had been in possession of this one for the last ten years. The realtor had told my father that Al Capone had spent many summer weekends in this home. Maybe, its true.

I took another pull from my bottle. The whiskeys sharp warmth flushed my cheeks and sank slowly into my stomach. A soft rain had just blown over the lake and the small drops were falling straight down onto its velvet smoothness, disturbing the surface with countless rings that expanded and collided in every direction. The beauty of it was not lost on me. I sat still for a long time looking out over the water taking in the entire scene and trying to breath all of my senses into awakeness. My lure was somewhere far below me buried in the silt and weeds. I thought of a fishing trip I had taken with my father right before I left for college. Me and my father sat for a long time in silence drifting around the lake. I tried to remember it as a comfortable silence but I knew that it was not. I knew it was awkward for my father because he made stabs at breaking the silence with already well worn conversation starters. Topics that we had both been over too many times. We had memorized the scripts and were now giving them a half hearted reading. One of these topics was what I was planning on doing after school. 

You know what I think would make a good business? My father asked rhetorically, as if the idea had just come to him. You can make a lot of money tearing down and parting out cars. He cited an example of a guy he knew who did it as a side job and made ten thousand dollars on a three-and-a-half thousand dollar Volvo he had bought. I denied as long as I could that this was his suggestion for my career. I felt like I was a hard worker and had the potential to be something or pursue something important. I had often talked to my father about my passion for wildlife and adventure, how I felt that I had a creative persuasion and above all wanted to find a calling. His aspirations for me seamed insultingly achievable and uninspiring. I was afraid my father felt this was the higher limit of my capability. What was it that he saw, or did not see in me, to make him suggest I spend my life trading car parts like some kind of gypsy? I tried not to pay this suggestion much attention. 

Another screech came from the beach. This time I did not turn. I fixed my eyes on the far end of the lake and listened to the static of rain hitting my coats hood and pinging off the aluminum hull of my boat. A storm was going to move in this evening and its predecessing stillness had already arrived. Gulls were flying close to the water ducking down to grab a dragonfly or dipping their heads in the water to snatch a small minnow that had ventured too close to the surface. I allowed my vision to blur to shades of grey and blue that roughly sketched the lake and line of trees far away. I pulled hard on the whiskey bottle, this time taking a little too much. The overflow ran down my cheeks and inside my jacket damping the neckline of my sweater. I jerked my lure out of the muck and weeds. This would be my last cast before I journeyed home ahead of the storm. I threw the lure over my shoulder and flung it forward with a short huff. Just as the lure was about to hit the water a gull hurled itself down and grabbed it in its mouth. It made an alien shriek and became a flailing mess of wings, feathers and legs as it tried to free itself mid-air. I was frozen in panic for a moment before lunging forward to grab my pliers out of the tackle box. Immediately after moving I realized the full state of my drunkenness. I fell on my elbow hitting my head on one of the oar locks. The boat sank on one side dropping me back first into the water. The water flattened out in front of me as I watched the gull, fighting for its life, disappear into darkness as my heavy clothing dragged me back. My joints locked, from cold, from fear. 