Just some story I made 4 years ago. Enjoy!

DONG The clock struck one as I silently sat beside my dead cat sipping his blood, it tasted disgusting, but yet I still sipped, I couldnt control myself its like I was inside me, but just a witness to whats happening, but then a sudden rush of life came back to me as a dark cloud of mist within me escaped, and entered my cat. I vigorously shook my head as I took control of my body, I quickly dropped the cup as I realised what I was drinking. But then, like a fantasy story, my cat came back to life, well, not really back to life but instead he danced to life and began to do the unthinkable, Well hello there I froze in my seat as the cat continuously spoke to me, Are you surprised? Well dont be, Ive been living in your body for as long as I could remember. But as if this was a video game, the cat shape shifted into a tall, dark and heavy-clothed man, the smell of fish ringed into my nose.

Dark aura filled the room and under the gap in the door. CLICK CLICK CREAK the front door opened and a bundle of snow crashed within the house in the shape of two adults, The snow began to move and within it in came my mother and father, they both looked tired and cold as if theyve been walking forever. The tall and dark man quickly shape shifted back into a healthy looking cat, rolled up in a ball, the cat pretended to purr. Whew! That was a long walk! my father boomed. Ah, hello son said my mother as she gave me a big hug. The cat awoke and began to stretch. It leapt off the couch and rubbed my mother and fathers feet one by one getting coated with a layer of snow every time it touched my parents, some chunks of the snow hit the warm floor, melting instantly.

They both began to brush off the snow and head upstairs, As soon as the coast was clear the cat shook the snow of its fur and began to talk That was a close one, huh? there was a long pause Oh, so youre a quiet one, eh? I glared at the demon, hands shaking with fear was this Demon within me?

I sat there, confused and hazy, I really needed a rest, I stood up and went to my room, hours later, I was woken by the cat, Having a late nights rest, are we? it sneered, Well you cant, weve got work to do, Ive grown the courage to reply, What are you?. The cat replied with, Who me? Im just an innocent cat, Nyahahaha!. Wheres Fluffy? I said, The cat had a stern look on his face, as if the fun has just ended. The cat shook once again and morphed into a large cloaked man. The man had no face, and had a strong smell of fish. He had a deep voice that grunted every time it talked, I hate that damned cat It mumbled, Sorry for the rude introduction, young boy The sudden change of tone was unnerving.