[Part 1](https://www.reddit.com/r/shortstories/comments/433yqv/sf_destroying_gods_part_1/)

The Redeemers: Alpha Squad

June 3rd, 2013 is a day that I will always remember as one of the worst days of my life. My twenty-year-old brother Rob was in Able Company 1-506th Infantry deployed to Afghanistan when he was killed by a suicide bomber. He left behind a new wife and a soon to be born son. It was the most devastating tragedy my family had ever dealt with and we all took it very hard.

When Samuel and Rob walked into my cell the next day, I was in complete shock and broke into hysterical sobs. I couldnt believe I was seeing my brother again. Rob was always a big guy, but now he was huge. It was very obvious he was in incredible shape. He walked into the room with his classic grin, a grin that no one can forget, and ran to me and give me the biggest hug I have ever had. I never thought I would see him again, yet there he was hugging me in a cell somewhere far from home.

I found the entire situation and the things Samuel had explained to me hard to believe, but I realized that if Rob was there, then it all must be true. Telling this story now is very hard for me. My baby brother  the most caring and good person I had ever known  taken too soon from his life and family  was somehow back from the dead and sitting in this cell with me. When I realized Rob was wearing the same black uniform as Samuel, everything finally made sense. He selflessly made the same decision I was about to make. He left his entire life behind to help protect the world from these destructive gods. By accepting this job, I would be leaving my wife and two kids behind to believe I am dead like Rob did after being killed in Afghanistan. That is not something I take lightly and I knew I would miss them more than anything, but I also knew I had to do this to be sure that they are not harmed by things too great for them to understand. I felt a flood of emotions as I thought about how my family would feel once I was pronounced dead for whatever reason the government felt fit to give  eventually using my jeep accident as the reason.

Samuel left us to catch up, so Rob and I sat and talked alone for a while. It was so good to know that he was alive and well and I couldnt have been happier. After about an hour, Samuel broke up our reunion, I am glad to see you are happy to see each other and Ray I hope this will encourage you to join our cause.

How can I not join your team to keep our friends and families and innocent civilians safe? With Rob at my side, of course, I am in.

Samuel smiled bigger now than he had yesterday and said, Fantastic, we are glad to have you. Now if you feel up to it, come with me to meet your team. 

I was still very sore, but seeing my brother gave me the strength I needed to get out of bed. We walked out of the cell into a much larger room. Weapons and ammo lined the walls and shelves. There were weapons like I had never seen before and many that I knew very well. This was obviously the armory of the group I would soon learn to be called The Redeemers. We walked out of the armory and entered a long hallway. The walls through the entire building were made of simple gray concrete and there were no windows.

Samuel, where are we? Is this building underground?

Yes, we are in an underground compound on a small desolate island north of Scotland. There is no name for the island and those who venture here find it uninhabitable, so we have been free from intrusion since we moved here in the early 1900s.

We finally reached a row of eight red doors on one side of the hallway with labels above the door frames: labels reading Transporter 1 through Transporter 8 on my right and one on the opposite wall that said Control Room. That piqued my curiosity.

Rob noticed me looking at them and explained, The Transporters are how we get from here to wherever we are needed instantly. Anytime there is an occurrence that warrants our action, the Transporters are our transportation. The Control Room is where our analysts monitor the news, seismographs, every live-networked camera in the world, and a bunch of other techy-stuff I wont pretend to understand, to find out where and when we need to attack or defend. We can use the control room every now and then to check up on our families, but we can never reach out to them. From there I am able to see pictures of my baby boy growing up and I saw your wedding. It makes this life a little easier to live, knowing that our family is safe and living their lives.

How do the transporters work? Is Scotty in there ready to beam us wherever we need to go? I laughed.

Yeah, except his name is Jonah. They actually came up with them after seeing Star Trek for the first time, so your joke is a lot closer to reality than you think, he replied.

Being a huge Star Trek fan, my mind was blown and I got excited to use the Transporter. I wish it had been as comfortable as it looked most of the time on TV, but using them in reality made me feel sick during and after each transport. I'll get to more about that later.

Samuel finally led us through another steel red door at the end of the hall into a large chamber that had TVs and couches, a large kitchen and dining area, and a couple more doors along the back wall. There were six people sitting at a table eating something that smelled amazing, which made me realize how hungry I was feeling at that moment.

When the five men and one woman at the table saw us enter the room, they all stood and came over to introduce themselves.
Samuel, as they approached, said, Your unit is The Redeemers: Alpha Squad, one of the four squads positioned on earth.
The first to introduce himself was Steve. He was a monster of a man, towering over me at just under seven feet tall. He was bald with thick, jet black eyebrows. Steve never smiled, but joked a lot, though I could never tell if he was being serious or joking due to his lack of facial expressions. Over the next few months, I would learn that he was most comfortable with hand to hand combat.

Each of the others came after him to introduce themselves. Chris was short and almost looked like a child next to Steve. He had shaggy dark blond hair and an extremely patchy beard. He was very energetic and the obvious nerd of the group. Chris was the teams electronics technician, being skilled at pretty much any kind of tech that we could come across and also Alpha Squads medic.

Cory was average height and build and had a voice that could carry across the room, even at a whisper. Corys loud mannerism was part of his charm, though. He was an extremely friendly guy and was the hardest to anger in the group, all despite his loudness. Cory was a very accomplished sniper in the Marine Corps before being recruited to The Redeemers.
Tom, Alpha Squads explosives expert, was the tallest and skinniest of the group. He was an inch taller than Steve but skinnier than almost anyone Id ever met in my life. Tom had brown hair with a huge 70s porn-star-esque mustache that didnt fit his face. The mustache was Toms favorite thing in the world and any time he was nervous or thinking, he would constantly stroke it with both hands.

Ty was about five foot eight inches with a mohawk that he was constantly changing the color. When I met him it was lime green and stood about six inches tall on the top of his head. He was also covered in tattoos. Being in the military and traveling the world, I have come across many people with a bunch of tattoos. Ty had more tattoos than I had ever seen on a single person. The only skin on his body that wasnt completely covered in ink was his face and ears. Ty was an expert marksman with pretty much any weapon he could get his hands on.

I had never met someone like JoJo. She had shoulder length brown hair and was very muscular, but not manly. My favorite thing about JoJo was her inability to turn down a challenge. She was constantly trying to prove herself to the guys on the squad, though it wasnt necessary whatsoever. She was an incredible fighter and could hold her own as easy as any of the rest of us and we all knew it, but that didnt stop her from constantly trying to beat any of us in any sort of competition. JoJo was at all times sporting two semi-automatic pistols in a dual shoulder holster.

[Part 3](https://www.reddit.com/r/shortstories/comments/4344ht/sfdestroying_gods_part_3/)