The clock ticked, it never bothered me, not as much as it used too. Now I fall asleep to its peaceful and rhythmic ticking. I bolted straight up. was this a dream? I thought. No. I blinked. I couldn't move my body. I could feel everything. every emotion, every even distant feeling ran through my head. Dancing in circles around me and my fragile mind. Bullshit. I have been through more than than most humans can even begin to imagine suffering. You are right A voice, plagued with anguish and what I can only describe as smiling answered back my thought. The smile, was not that of happiness or of any emotion other than evil. 

I felt it, my body, begging to contort and manifest in ways I did not even knew were possible. No! No no no no! I screamed back in my mind. My mouth was sealed, shut by a force I did not know. Mother warned me what would happen if I talked to you! And yet here you are, so ripe, so prime, so delectable. I could feel it almost licking its lips and letting out a low sigh almost as though it were next to me. 

It hit, fast. Like being punched in the stomach over and over again until it stopped; just as suddenly as it began. I had control over my body, I was breathing heavily, synonymous with that of a panic attack. then I felt it take over again. all at once, it started again, the incessant ticking growing louder and louder, until I passed into sleep. 

I laughed. she had a shrill, kindhearted laugh. One that wreaked of innocence and ignorance. No wonder she was easy to possess. I stuck out her left arm, making all fingers into a fist except for her pointer. That finger, I fashioned into a talon, and positioned it at her navel. With all the rage and hated I had built up toward this girl and her family for betraying me to that wretched man, I stabbed the talon like finger into her chest and slid it all the way up to the bottom of her chin. when it hit her mandible I retracted the talon and positioned it at her right clavicle, with the smile that had once been to reward their efforts in sacrifices and worship; I slide it, all the way across her upper torso to her left. The blood and organs were spilling out of her, staining the sheets and the mattress with a blanket of crimson. 

She, was mine now. The clock, whos ticking had not been interrupted stopped. Exactly, at 3:33am. silence reiterated itself, and all was still once again. 
