Respect. Love. Passion. These things were far from Alexs mind. He was not in the process of making love. He was fucking. His hand was on Sams throat, and her nails were digging into his chest. Each thrust sent waves of pleasure through her body. Blood seeped from beneath her nails, and she could hardly breathe: just the way she liked it. Alex was close, and so was Sam. Unfortunately for them, the phone rang. Alex shouted, Oh fucking- what the actual fuck? Right now? Really? Sam rolled her eyes and said, Calm down, and fucking answer it, jackass.

Alex reached for the phone and answered it. Who the Hell is this? he asked. It's Jennifer, the voice answered, And... I need your help- Alex wiped the blood from his chest and said, Look, we agreed that we would never call each other after- Jennifer cut him off saying, This isnt about that! There are armed men at my house. Theyre looking for you. Do not come here, alright? Alex replied, Im on my way. and hung up.

Sam asked, Who was it?

Jennifer.

What the Hell does she want from you?

Not much. Shes just being held at gunpoint by some very bad people.

Holy shit, are you gonna call the cops?

Nah, Im just gonna kill some motherfuckers.

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Alex rolled up in a beaten up black sedan and parked a block away. He went to the trunk and got a hammer out. He then started walking towards Jennifers house. He saw an armed guard standing in front of the gate and reacted quickly, smashing a car window and then hiding behind the vehicle. The guard muttered, What was that, and then approached the Nissan Alex was hiding behind. Alex waited for him to round the corner and then uppercutted his opponent in the jaw with the hammer, knocking him out with a sickening crack followed by a heavy thud as the gunman hit the ground. 

Alex took the dying guards submachine gun and donned the ballistic vest the guard had been wearing. He also tucked the gunmans sidearm into the waistband of his jeans. Alex then made his way to the gate, where he heard another gunman saying, Did you hear that? We should go check it out. I cant see Alan. Alex pressed himself against the wall to the right of the gate, and waited for the first guard to come through, who he sprayed with machine gun fire, killing him instantly. The second guard came through, a knife in one hand and pistol in the other, and swung at Alex, slashing his vest, but leaving him unharmed as the blade bounced off the ceramic plating of the vest.

Alex squeezed the trigger, realized his firearm was empty, and attempted to muzzle strike his assailant in the face, but was disarmed with a swift kick to the hands. Alex stepped forward into his opponent, shouldering him backwards into the wall, pinning him there, and then began punching him in the crotch. The assailant recoiled, attempting to curl up into a ball, but Alex pressed his forearm into his enemys throat. Alex felt a sharp pain in his bicep, and looked down to see his enemys knife sticking out of his upper arm. He backed away from the man, drew his stolen sidearm, and fired twice into the skull of his enemy. The body crumpled in a way that satisfied Alex, and he pulled the knife out of his arm.

Alex reached into his pocket and injected a syringe of painkillers and stimulants into his leg. He grinned. He had been a drug kingpins enforcer as a high schooler, a Force Recon operator as a young adult, and an MMA fighter throughout his entire life. Violence was something of a calling for him. He dropped the syringe as the drugs hit and everything became clear. He was put on this Earth by a higher power for the sole purpose of balancing Order with Chaos, and Peace with Violence. He was selfish, spiteful, manipulative, and vulgar. He was going to kill tonight, and he was going to enjoy it.

Fuck, hes here! Get into position! Get into position! Alex heard the gunmen chambering rounds and marching into defensive positions from over the gate. He checked the vest he was wearing, and sure enough, there was a flashbang clipped onto it. He pulled the pin, tossed it over the wall, waited for it to go off, and charged into the walled off pool area screaming and firing at everything armed with a weapon. He took a few shots himself, but they didnt seem to faze him. The first gunman went down with two shots to the head from Alexs submachine gun. The second died to a burst of five to the chest, all clustered in and around the aorta. The third gunman dropped his gun and tried to run, but Alex shot him in the back with the remainder of his magazine. He flicked the magazine out of his weapon and reloaded in a single swift action.

Alex looked around at the clusters of civilians around him and laughed hysterically before sprinting into the house. He entered the living room and saw Jennifer, who looked bewildered and afraid. The rest are downstairs, in the basement! Alex nodded, grinned, and charged downstairs.

He saw two gunmen arguing over rights to a woman, who was lying on the floor crying. Her clothes were still on, and she was unharmed, but she was clearly afraid. Something that almost resembled compassion flickered through Alexs dead heart, and he raised his gun to fire, but it jammed. Growling, he tossed it aside, drew his hammer and knife and ran directly at the pair before they had time to react to the metallic clicking of the trigger. Alex shattered the first gunmans eye socket, sending a crimson streak through the air, and was punched in the face by the second gunman. Alex swung his knife at the second gunman as the first recoiled backwards, screaming in pain. Alex missed, and the second gunman grabbed his forearm. Alex saw his opportunity and took it, swinging his hammer down onto the second gunmans arm, shattering it.

The second gunman let go and screamed as the bone penetrated his skin, and the first gunman recovered from his wound, drawing his sidearm. Two shots rang out: two shots barely missed Alexs head. Alex slapped the gun out of his opponents hand with the hammer, and then attempted to stab his enemy. The first gunman dodged, and punched Alex in the face. Alex blacked out for a second, but woke up before he hit the floor. He reached for the knife, but it was kicked away by the first gunman. The pair of assailants began kicking and beating Alex, who held up his arms to protect his face.

Just as he thought his rampage was over, Alex heard a handful of shots ring out, and the second gunman dropped to the floor, dead. While the first gunman was distracted, Alex reached out for the knife and pinned his enemys foot to the ground with it. Alex stood up and grabbed the hammer, and brought it down on the gunmans head as he pushed him to the ground. Alex continued beating on his foe until the twitching stopped and the blood covered his hands.

Alex let out a heavy sigh, but his moment of calm was interrupted by a wavering female voice shouting, Lie down, put your hands behind your head, and dont move! Alex laughed and said, Look, Jennifer, if you want to invite me to your party, youve gotta expect that theres gonna be a few- Jennifer shouted, Shut up! Just shut the fuck up, okay?! They were here looking for you, and they ordered me to call you, or they threatened to hurt Ian! Now shut up, and hold still, Im calling the cops!

Alex stood up and walked towards Jennifer, who pointed her gun at his face, until Alex was close enough to grab the barrel and press it against his forehead. Go ahead, pull the trigger. Do it. I wanna know if you have the balls to- Alex was cut off by another female voice coming from the stairs, which said, Holy shit, you are as crazy as they said you are, arent you? Alex grabbed the gun from Jennifers hand, spun her around and held the muzzle to her temple, saying, Ill fucking do it, Hennessy, dont you fucking doubt me! Hennessy, the mob boss who Alex used to work for, said, Whoa, Alex, honey, calm down, okay? Just... Calm down. Theres no need for anymore bloodshed. Okay? She said this as she shouldered her rifle and nodded for two men with shotguns to move down the stairs past her and into the basement.

Alex whispered to Jennifer, Do you remember that one scene in the first episode of Archer? The one where Archer takes Lana hostage and then- Jennifer cut him off, whispering, Yes, I fucking remember it, you made me watch that series like three times! Alex whispered, Okay, two things; one: you made me watch My Little Pony. Two: were gonna reenact that scene. Jennifer nodded and shouted, Why do you have an erection, Alex?! The gunmen lowered their weapons in confusion, and Alex pushed Jennifer to the ground, shot both of the gangsters in the head, and then pointed his weapon at Hennessy, who was reciprocating.

Look, psycho, I need you alive, but not intact, so I swear to God, if you dont drop your weapon- She was cut off by three gunshots as Alex fired at her head, killing her. She dropped to the ground and tumbled down the stairs. Jennifer had crawled over to the crying girl, who had passed out from fright, and was shielding her with her body. Alex yelled, Gonna kill some bad guys, Ill be right back! and sprinted for the stairs. He grabbed Hennessys rifle as he did, and rounded the corner to see a squad of gangsters pointing weapons at him. Alex fired into the crowd of targets, screaming in pure rage, but he was shredded by bullets in response.

As he lay bleeding, he watched a masked gunman approach him, grab him, and drag him the stairs, out the front door, and to a van. Alex expired on the floor of the vehicle as it sped away from the scene of the crime.

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Alex opened his eyes; he was in a gray room, with no walls, and no ceiling, and he was in a simple black suit and tie. He looked around, and saw only a desk, a gaunt figure in a bespoke suit sitting behind it, and three enormous stone doors behind the figure. Nothing secured the doors, and yet Alex couldnt see beyond them. So, what is this, some kind of purgatory? Are you judging my sins? Weighing my heart against a feather? Alex asked, a smarmy smirk on his face. The gaunt figure sighed, buried it's head in it's hands, and said, No, you arrogant ass, I am not. I already did that, and let me tell you, the results were not pretty. You, my friend, are going downstairs, not up. Alex said, Oh. So, uhhh... why am I here then? The gaunt figure pulled a scroll out of its desk, opened it, and laid it out on the desktop. 

You are here, it said, Because God has a use for you. You will be returned to the mortal world to assist in balancing the scales. You might be the spawn of Satan, but God will be damned if he lets such a skilled warrior die at the hands of a bunch of half-rate mobsters. He will use you, and when your soul is all used up in a few millennia, we will reevaluate your sins and see if your just actions in the name of the Lord outweigh the chaos, terror, and pain you have caused. So, choose a door. Blood. Sweat. Or Tears.


The doors became ornately engraved with one word each, and a thunderous unlocking was heard from each of them. Alex contemplated the offer for a while, and then came to conclusion, walking up to the desk and saying, I choose... death. Specifically, yours, Death. The gaunt figure said, Im sorry, what? Alex replied, What, did I fucking stutter? The gaunt figure paused and said, Well, no, but- Alex cut it off, waving his hand, and said, Look, it's nothing personal. Im just here to have a good time, and part of that is killing everything that pisses me off. Starting with you. The gaunt figure tried to reply, but Alex had already grabbed a hold of Deaths head and slammed its face into the desk. Alex then flipped over the desk and began choking Death out.

Death reached for it's desk, drawing a revolver from a hidden holster, and tried to aim it at Alex, but he grabbed Deaths hand, and began forcing the muzzle of the pistol against the side of Deaths head. After a few seconds struggle on Deaths part, the trigger was pulled, and Death collapsed in its chair. Alex grinned, looked at the doors, looked at the revolver, and said to himself, Im gonna have fun with this.

TO BE CONTINUED, MAYBE

----------------------------

IMPORTANT NOTE:

I DO NOT condone ANY of Alex's lifestyle choices, behaviors, or actions. He is not a good role model, and he should most definitely be admitted to a hospital for a variety of mental illnesses.