A distortion of the sense of direction. Complete lack of understanding in the position poor James was in. Was he up? down? left? right? None of it mattered as his suit slowly perished away the oxygen he had. Not even emotions mattered anymore. Too far gone to even consider the possibility of a rescue mission. Flying through space at an incredible pace meant nothing at this moment. All James did was state his frustration in the most simple terms imaginable by human society.

"Fuck"

The shake of his arms with a hint of randomness started a rotation of even more confusion, nausea and fruitless efforts. He could vomit whilst not adding much, could release some tension from his insides.
One of the most peculiar feelings in the entire world is realizing you are going to die. Human nature always tries to bring out optimism in this sort of situation, bringing forth ideas that could roll the dice into our favor, allowing us to survive even impossible situations in theory. This was not the mindset James was in. A self-proclaimed nihilistic individual molded by nature and childhood. All the thoughts ranged from a lack of interest in surviving or how pointless his death was.

He adjourned further happy thoughts, rather trying to keep them away and still be able to cement the fact he was what he stated he was. 
However, our silly James did not expect the immense amount of pressure the subconscious mind has. We as humans, refuse to die. The intense power of our own inner-selfs, usually clouded by false introspection, can make us do things we never imagined possible.

James began to panic, intensely. The movements of his arms made him twitch and try to "survive" this awful event. The conscious state of accepting his death was pushed outside of thoughts and even forced into the dark corner of ignorance. James now wanted to survive.
His first thought was that he was still moving. The vastness of space itself has no friction and initial inertia from the blast of kinetic power had sent him rocketing without end. He had to stop. It was the first objective in the attempt of survival.

The space suit, or an exosuit as James liked to call it, wrapped his body in the eerie similarity of a candy wrapper. There was an emergency booster, designed for disaster situations alike what he was experiencing. A pull on the switch made him start spinning in circles. The canister of smoke propelling out its contents began to slow down him to a more acceptable speed.

He spoke to himself all through this, mouthing words of encouragement and cheering when successfully working out his first problem.
Unfortunately, this attitude changed when James noticed his surroundings. Nothing. There was absolutely nothing around him. More empty space than ever imagined left him entirely alone.
Even the emergency flare shot towards the direction of the spacecraft could not help as he didn't know which direction he came from. He paused his thoughts, the insides of his mind were entirely identical to space. There was nothing once more. He slowly spun around continuously just keeping his jaw dropped and watching the scene. He was beginning to become disillusioned, the loud beeping noise of his oxygen levels becoming low gave him even less hope.

He began to swear, heavily. Words that even a mother could not bear to hear were said. Blame was thrown around more often than grenades in a war zone.

The space suit beeped again to re-warn the inhabitant of its insides. A poor decision as all the hate bottled up inside of James was thrown at the very thing that continued keeping him alive for limited time. His hands began to beat against himself, screaming out in rage and wrath while tears escaped his eyes and stayed glued to his skin.
There was nothing more he could do in this situation. All he wanted was to live and see his own family again. What would his friends say? This moment of realization made him try to bargain with anyone. He began screaming into his suit for someone to save him. If even the almighty God that he never believed in was truly benevolent, that he could save this poor misguided soul.

There was nothing. No answer. No love sent from any figure from high in the heavens. Silence of space.
James curled up into a fetus position. Sobbing and hugging himself as he waited for his oxygen levels to slowly die out. Ten percent was left. This was only five minutes or so. The aggravated assault upon himself and the reckless waste of oxygen had depleted most of what was remaining before. Five minutes until death. Throughout all his life, he never assumed the countdown to his very demise was going to be so present. As a child, he wanted to be astronaut, however with the ignorance of bliss, it was never even expected that death was a possibility.

Depression began to seep inside the roots of his soul. This rendered him immobile, unmoving and entirely lackluster in any attempt. A loving embrace of surrender was sent to the cold touches of Death itself. James closed his eyes and inhaled the last breaths as gently as he could.

Seven percent. Time moved quicker than he had expected it to, moreover the fact he was going to die made him leak out even more tears. What was he to do in this situation? He thought of any happy thought that came to him. The children he left on the planet, the first love of his life, his friends and his family. A great realization swept over him. There was no goodbye for everyone he loved. What kind of man was he to never leave any "I love you" to anyone?

A vibration of noise beat down against his skull in the form of radio chatter. He widened his eyes and waited for some message to come forth from the random static that appeared out of nowhere. He gasped for hope and noticed there was five percent left. Two minutes. All he could was yell into the radio chatter and hope there was someone that could hear him. A response came and it was hardly understandable, James hoped it was his crew communicating to him, stating that they were coming to save him.

Nothing. There was nothing happening. Only static.

James wanted to rub his eyes. Reaching into a small switch to turn off the radio. Too depressing for him. A lack of attention to the oxygen made him forget it was about to expire. He looked around at the beautiful gases in the vast distances of space.
The suit began to beep wildly. Warning that his oxygen level was almost about to deplete. The noise was annoying to his relaxing acceptance of his demise. Another switch turned off the incessant and frequent beeping. Only a few moments left until it was over. James rubbed his suit, feeling the touch of his gloves. He smiled, closing his eyes again and gasping his last breath as the air finally depleted.
An unintentional spin of his body around space, still moving without end. Each breathe was a step on a ladder to certain death. Without even a warning, the time of reckoning was upon him. It was done. The oxygen was depleted. He sucked any small burst of air in the suit to cling onto dear life.

The kiss of death felt upon his lungs as they twitched. A decision was made by James, he contained whatever air left inside by shutting his lips tightly. At first, it was relaxing, reminding him of his time when he held his breath underwater. Unlike those peaceful times, he could not raise himself out of the water and breath the satisfying and life-saving oxygen outside of the water. Instead all he could do was twitch his legs as his eyes rolled up. The sensation at his throat made him grab onto it. Every joint, every limb moved in an attempt to escape, survive, to live. It was horrifying. The sense of dread and horror becoming more intense. A voice came upon his ear. "Pity." It began to repeat, again and again. A deep-dark voice of a heavy baritone nature. The hallucinations of his inner thoughts beating him senseless. Then silence. Euphoria while his vision darkened away and he went limp, losing consciousness.

James' body was a mere speck of sand in the desert. One shining more vibrantly than the rest. Drifting without end in the infinite ranges of space.