(Work in progress, feed back is welcomed. Rough draft, hope you enjoy)

I opened my eyes, my hands firmly placed on a floor that seemed non-existent. Pure white floor, I could feel the floor, cold upon the palms of my hand but not seem to see it. I could no longer smell the fumes, I no longer felt like I was dying.

 

I slowly got back to my feet. Body was still aching from the pain. I looked around me, pearl white as far as I can see, in every direction.

"Where am I" I thought to myself. I was sure I was going to die a minute ago, the unbalancing of order in life had driven me insane. I knew I had lost my sanity and that my body was about to shatter. I know I did not die.

 

"Welcome Dane Korutz"

A deep voice that was heard from every direction and at the same time within my own head was heard. I looked around, in every direction. Filled with courage and fear. I knew this was the moment I was looking for. The control of everything I have been thru, that  everyone has ever been thru.

"Who is this!?"

I said out loud. Being overwhelmed by anger, the pain and the aching of my body faded away. The urge to fight, to kill or to end my life was heavily desired.

"I am everything Dane... I am the first unwritten page of a book and the final sentence of a book. I guide every living being from the beginning of their life's until the end. Some of you call me God. Others Karma. They say I am order and that I am chaos. I guess you can say, I am the beginning and the end."

I couldn't help but feel confused, even more mad and I snarled. Despite knowing everything the being said to feel like a vile truth, I still felt no fear.

"Show yourself!"

I said out loud once more. Clenching my fist, unaware of what may present itself. I felt prepared.

"You amuse me Dane, you really do...."

Shadows and rays of light from every direction appeared and started accumulating 5 feet away from me until it formed a matter-less being. Created by light and shadow, It would constantly shift between darkness and light but the humanoid form would not change. The being spoke again.

"You must have a lot of question's, ask ahead Dane"

My fist unclenched. My thoughts and sense of logic trying to make sense of where I was, what was said by this being and my current situation. I then spoke.

"Does it matter to ask? You are the writer of my storyline are you not? You know what I will ask, what I will do and the ending of all of this. Is this really all for your own amusement?"

A low deep laugh came from the being. It then spoke.

"No, you are different my child. I live among humans every now and then. I take a human life, make it my vessel and live among you and live a ordinary human life. You Dave, have my blood."

The words hit me, my heart felt heavy. What did he just say?. I took a step back, I could not believe this and at the same time anger overwhelmed me once more. I spoke as cool as I could.

"So that is why I am able to see past and future huh? The reason of my insanity and the lack of not being able to change a single thing is because of you and your amusement with us!?"

The being laughed once more and continued by saying.

"More or less, yes. I am the writer Dave, not you. Though I cannot completely control your actions like every living being I can make you go thru enough situations and all the insanity I want to stray you back to the path I want. I am destiny. Not you. You did however, put a good fight. I had to bring you here my child, to show you what life really is...and of course, to have you give up in trying to change things in a story that is not yours"

My anger faded away. I felt like the embodiment of hatred now, of disgust. What "creator of all things" would act and treat living things in such a way. My hand reached to the six shooter on my back, I held it in-front of me and checked the chambers. 6 bullets. I gripped the gun and aimed it at the being. It spoke and laughed. It's body still constantly changing between a being of light and darkness, perfectly co-existing together.

"You cannot harm me Dave, I have always existed and will always exist. You cannot write or be my ending"

It continued laughing. I snarled and pulled the trigger. 1 second between the 3 shots I perfectly aimed at its chest. The being stopped laughing, the constant changing between darkness and light seemed to have slowed down. I looked at my hand, I could see a faint glow, a presence or energy not my own over my hand and gun.

"Unbelievable... have they turned their back at me..."

The being said slowly, the humanoid form seemed to be looking up. Its arm stretched to the sky, stretching beyond belief.

"You cannot end me Dane!"

The arm seemed to bend over, its palm falling right above me. Darkness and light interchanging its existence making it hard for me to see, I closed my eyes thinking this may be the end. The hand slammed onto the floor, no noise was made. No air current was felt. I opened my eye's and found myself between its thumb and index finger. A finger being half the size of my own body. It looked like a perfectly physical being made of light and darkness and at the same time translucent. I looked past its hand and back at the being. It seemed to be on its knee's. I spoke.

" They?...If you are our creator, our writer."

I looked into the endless white sky of this unknown location.

"Then you are someone else's story."

I aimed my gun back at the being.

"I believe I may be your end...You must have sickened your creator as much as you have sickened me."

The being had not said a word. Unmoving in the same position. I pulled the trigger 3 more times. Slower this time. Each one aimed at its humanoid head. Every shot made seemed to have made a wound this time. When it was in its dark form a ray of light would shine out from the wound spot, in its light form a ray of darkness could be seen. I lowered my arm. I felt relaxed. I felt peace. I let go of my gun and fell to my knee's. My mind was feeling overwhelmed. Not with insanity this time, but with silence. I felt like my body was being forced to sleep. The hand of the being was dissipating as well as the body attached to it. The white-ness of everything was slowly turning into a sky blue, I could feel wind hitting me from every direction. I lay flat on the floor that disappeared at the same time I hit it and I could see earth beneath me. Was I falling? I could not think, I could not sense how long I have been falling anymore. A second? A day? I could feel the wind rushing at me from every direction, though Earth itself did not seem any closer. I gave in and fell asleep.