I was going to do it.

Everything strapped in, ready to go. Id traveled twice already this year to test exactly where I would do it. Push the button in line, and that was it. I was going to be a martyr, and go to heaven, and all these evil people around me would die while brothers Id never met cheered for me in the streets.

Because thats what they were. Evil people, who deserved it. All of them. They seemed to hate all of my brothers, so why not hate them in return? They deserved it. It all made sense  the war, the struggle, the fight for freedom  and they deserved it.

Sir!

So close now. The initial pass through the guards went well. I smiled at them, and I was dressed nice  still got the twice over as a brown skinned man, but, dont let the anger show. Youll show them soon enough. It will all be over soon.

Sir!

I turn, and there she is. A woman, older than a teenager but perhaps too young to call adult. She was pretty, maybe  average, mostly, with the same flustered look everyone seems to have in an airport trying to get on with their day.

She smiled, and handed me my boarding pass. Which Id dropped, somewhere, since passing through the first check. Clumsy move!

That smile.

Thank you, I sputtered, hoping she didnt notice the tremble in my voice...or the wires tucked in my clothes. 

No problem  have a good day! she added, heading toward another security line.

Have a good day. Have a good day? This was the best day of my life, wasnt it? This was where I left my mark! Here she was, this stranger, taking the time to scoop up a fallen paper for another stranger, and walk off with nothing more than "have a good day." Didnt she know this was my best day, and her worst day? Our last?

I watched her stand in a line two spots over from mine, killing time on her phone. I dont know who she spoke to - a husband, a boyfriend, a father  but she smiled at the screen, clearly reading a message from a beloved. It would be the last thing shed ever see, if I just pressed the button now. Right now. That smile of hers, so fleeting, would be gone in an instant. Happiness, life, ending with a bang. Literally. With the press of a button.

I watched her type a response, with that damn smile on her face, and got out of line.

Out of the airport.

Drove home.

And wept.

... ... ... ...

Sorry for the throwaway, I normally just lurk on reddit and didn't really want this connected to my account. Thanks for reading! And I don't think I need to say it but this is of course 100% fiction, I'm just a 30-something killing time on reddit to avoid real work.