


Last night something came over me, I dont mean some sort of fit, or episode. I mean that while I was falling asleep in my bed next to my wife, something came over, stood beside my bed and placed its hand, palm side down, a few inches from my face. It was almost as if this silent presence in the shadows was testing as to whether or not I was still breathing.


A tremendous fear washed over me and I dared not open my eyes. I crept my fingers under the covers until I found my sleeping wifes hands. I squeezed out of fear, gentle enough not to wake her. You know that semi-6th sense you sometimes have where you can feel someone standing too close behind you? That sense was going off in my head like an alarm as I was fully and uninhibitedly awake of this malice and otherworldly entity poised over my body. 


Suddenly, a heart-pounding rush of adrenaline filled my body. I took all the self-preservation and muscle control to clutch my eyelids shut. I knew if I made eye contact with this interloper, my life would be over.


I knew that this adrenaline burst in my chest was not natural, the creature of the night was inflicting it on me. I suppose now that this was his attempt to get me to open my eyes and hasten my consumption. After what seemed like several minutes (although in hindsight I realize that it was just a few seconds), the adrenaline began to cull. As it waned, it planted images in my head, right behind my clenched eyes. This nightmare entity had me locked in a very faint, very vague telepathic bond.


My body began to engage in what can only be described as some sort of convulsion. Mild as it was, I could feel my body and my soul being tugged away from one another. I felt like magnet being steadily held in a polarizing field. The different aspects of who I was began to disassociate from one another. Soon, they began to drift away in separate directions. Off in the distance I could feel concepts such as apathy and guilt, fleeing my mindscape. Over the horizons of my mind. I was becoming someone else.


The monsters hideous face was there now, inside my mind. From the shadows its thoughts stretched forth asking me questions, showing me images of another young man whom I have never met. It was at this moment that I began to understand. This creature had mistaken me for someone else. After realizing his mistake, he redacted his mental occupation. 


Now I felt safe to open my eyes; just in time too. I bolted upright in my bed, wide-eyed. In less the second, a looming insectoid figure retreated from beside me, back into the shadows of the room. He was gone.


This morning, my wife asked if I had a nightmare. I told her I had. After that I spent several minuets praying for the poor, unfortunate soul of the man who I had been mistaken for. A stranger he may be, but I hope the bedside entity never finds him.
