	
I walk down the street at three in the morning every night. Its the quietest time you can imagine. Out in the suburbs you dont hear a sound, the silence is nearly palpable; occasionally its broken by the outspoken cricket. The moonlight keeps the streets safe, electricity isnt a necessity. All of the homes are sound asleep, you can see the bulging silent snore coming from the blackened windows.
	
I imagine people would find it strange of me to be out on a walk this late. Im sure if I were to see somebody out walking about at three in the morning, Id worry. Not for my own safety, but for those others who are out at three in the morningan unnecessary worry I suppose. Or for those who have potentially interrupted that persons life. What kind of sanity lies in the mind of those who walk about at three in the morning?
	
Id look out my window and like a spark Id begin to kindle imagination. 
	
A man walking down the street to sneak into his lost lovers home, to get his revenge, or perhaps to win her over in a peculiar way. To use her replicated key and sneak into her home. Hed walk with held breath and soft steps up to her bedside. Shes laying on her right side with her blonde hair branched out behind her. Hed tap on her shoulder with love, Jessica. Jessica. Hed whisper.

Shed respond, Hmm? In her mixed slumber and twist her body towards the sound.
Jessica. Hed say standing over her smiling. Shed rub her eyes and open them to find him standing above her. A loving look on his face and his baited embrace, but she wouldnt embrace him. Rather shed scream and cry, shed tell him to leave, and shed tell him she doesnt want to see him.

Hed do his best to convince her of his sanity, convince her hes changed, hed convince her that she still has some undrained love in her heart. Still, she wouldnt be convinced. Shed continue to scream and yell, shed begin to hit him until he left. Shed force him to give back her key

Or perhaps its his second time walking to his lovers home. Its two weeks later and he couldnt clear his head. He wanted her too badly, he longed for her presence, or he longed for his needs to be recognized.

He finds a window far from her bedroom and smashes it with the butt of his gun. Hed hope that she didnt hear him, that she didnt wake. Perhaps she did, perhaps she didnt. Lets say she didnt. He climbs in through the broken glass cutting his hand and leaving a dribbled trail of blood on the walk to her room. Again he finds her sleeping, still on her right side. Her hair is up in a bun and her hands cozying up with her face.

Hed stand in front of her bedside trickling droplets of blood every few seconds---tap, tap, tap. Shed wake up with an eerie feeling, too afraid to open her eyes. Hed recognize her awakening and place his hand on her shoulder, Jessica Hed whisper.

A tear would fall from her unopened eyes and a grimace would crawl into her visage, No shed whisper, no.

You just had to take me back Jessica. Hed say as he placed the barrel perpendicular to her forehead. Hed pull the trigger and a spray of blood would erupt. Hed continue to stand there gathering his consciousness, trying to puzzle together his thoughts.

Or perhaps shed have taken him back the first time, maybe he brought flowers.



Maybe that man walking down the street that I see from through my blinds is in a gang. Maybe hes off to meet with more gang members. Theyre going to meet together at someones home, Johnnys home.

He arrives at Johnnys home and everybody is sitting around the couch with an even spread of drugs and scattered bottles of beer. He greets everyone and takes his own seat on a large tattered chair. Johnny throws him a bag of powder and he sets it aside. He rolls up a dollar bill and lays down a line. He snorts it. He gets up to grab a beer from the fridge and takes a seat back down.

Theyre watching a documentary on porn addiction and nobodys speaking a word. Everybody is enticed by the words the narrator has to say. In reality theyre all slightly worried of their own porn addictions. The man doesnt pay much attention to the documentary; he has too much on his mind. 

He asks the gang if theyre going out and they say no. He gets frustrated because theyve been stagnant recently, he wants to get out on the streets. Come on Johnny, lets go. Whyd I come over here if we arent gonna do shit again?

Fuck off man. Johnny replies with his eyes stapled to the screen. He waves his hand at the man and tells him he should just go home then. And the man does, perhaps I see him pass again on his way home.


The man may not be walking, maybe he is running. He received a call a few minutes back. They told him his mother is in the hospital. She fell down the stairs and arent sure of her condition. The man jogs through the entrance hall and reaches into the bowl of keys, but cant find the car keys.  He digs through, but they arent there. He pulls out every ring of keys, but he doesnt see them.

Rather than search the house he feels pressured by his fear and anxiety. He turns his phone on loud and begins running.  At full sprint he runs to the hospital with his thoughts overflowing. He questions what injury she might have received: a bad bruise, a broken hip, internal bleeding, shes going to be paralyzed, shes dead.

He runs up to the sliding hospital doors and waits for them to open. He stands impatiently with his breath heavy and heart pounding, but the doors dont heed his faltering patience. They continue to take their time opening.

He squeezes his way through the human-sized crack the door has reached and runs up to the front desk, Linett Stephens. He wheezes, What room is she in?

The lady at the desk begins to clack on her keyboard. Her eyes scan the screen with gentle precision. His hand begins to tap in impatience and he stares into the screens reflection on her eyes. He cant see anything she sees, but the movement on the screen makes him feel comfortable, that theres progress.

Room H16 she tells him. are you family?

Yes, yes, yes! Im family. H16. I have to go, sorry. He says and runs by to the elevator. He hears her yell some words that struggle to catch up to him. He presses the up button for up. Presses the up button. Presses the up button. Up button. Up button. Button. Button. Button. The doors slide open and he runs inside. A-B-C-D-E-F-G-H. are you fucking kidding me? He sighs as he pummels the button for H.

Ding. The doors open on floor E. He gives the nurse a pursed smile and frustrated eyes. They walk in without reciprocating a greeting and continue their casual conversation, Janel is due next Saturday.

Really? Thats wonderful! Her and Khalif are going to be wonderful parents.

I know! Janel is one of those girls  that have just a pure mothering instinct

Ding. The doors open and he runs down the hall. The hall ends at H8 and he stops to look around curiously. He finds a sign with an arrow pointing him back the direction he came to H16. He gives a disgruntled sigh and begins to jog down the hallways again. H16.

He opens the door and sees Linett Stephens sitting up in bed in her hospital gown watching the small T.V. in the top corner of the room. Hey honey! She greets him. He takes a few deep breaths and tries to calm his breathing. He wipes the sweat from his forehead, Are you okay? he asks.

Oh, Im fine honey. Thank you for coming though! I just fell over and couldnt get up. I pressed my LifeAlert and an ambulance took me to the hospital. Im really fine, but they wanted to run some tests. Typical doctors, always wanting to take tests? She laughed to herself.

The man takes a seat beside her and cups his face in his hands. He stands up, Im glad youre okay Mom. Do you need anything?

Im fine honey, thank you!

Alright, Im going to go home and get some sleep then. Night mom. He says and starts walking out of the room.

Goodnight honey! She responds. 

And theres me. I like the peace and quiet of the night, it helps me think. In reality, no matter what the ignorant perspective, its just a meditative practice. It allows my imagination to flourish. We have to let our imaginations out every once in a while or theyll get the best of us. 
	
