We drove together through the savannah in an SUV. You were driving recklessly, so I scanned the road in front of us, as if I were your co-pilot. I noticed him first. He was large and tan, and unlike any beast known to man. It was evident that he once had two sharp horns on his forehead, though now he sported only one  his right horn no doubt lost in a battle long since passed. Perhaps it is best to refer to him as a monster, although it was obvious to us that this was no mythical beast, for each of us immediately recognized its familiar silhouette. 

The beast set his eyes on me, unprotected on my side of the SUV as the door on the passengers side had been broken, and so I was exposed. His pace quickened and his horn grazed my naked belly, though it did no damage. I felt that he could gore me at any moment, and though I could visualize my end, I was not scared.  I felt nothing. I continued to fight with the makeshift passengers side door until finally I fastened it together, and at last a thin piece of cloth separated the beast from my flesh. 

You continued to drive expertly, seemingly unfazed by the pursuit of the monster. In fact, you did not acknowledge its presence at all. Finally we reached a safe haven. A house. We peeled into the driveway, and I could see the monster kicking up dust as it headed toward us. You ran inside, leaving me behind in the vehicle. Initially, it looked as though you had gone in to grab a weapon. Afterall, there were two small children inside the house. I assumed you would help me defend them and ourselves from the imminent threat posed by the beast. Then you sat down. Initially I was perplexed  did you really leave me alone in this? 

I found a shotgun nearby, and ditched the safety of the SUV so that I could save the three people inside. The house was glass and I knew the beast would spare no one. If we were to survive this, it was up to me. Armed, I brazenly walked toward the dust cloud and fired. The beast disappeared.  

I turned back to the house, and looked upon the three occupants at the kitchen table. It was then that I recognized the two small children. These children were none other than ourselves, somehow pulled from our individual pasts to sit together at the kitchen table. I watched for what felt like hours as we laughed and played together at that table. You sat alone. You still hadnt relaxed. I wanted to join you inside, but I knew the beast would return for both of us. I will fight the beast again, of that I am sure  I will not doom myself to fight it alone for a lifetime.

Finally, I walked away, kicking up the dirt as I had when I was just a child.  