Whenever I think about love, I always thought that love was such a sweet innocent thing. The kind of love you see in fairy tales, romance movies, the kind of love I see my parents share, but you proved me wrong. 
We met during the first few weeks I started college, I can remember how you were wearing a dark green and blue flannel shirt that was only half tucked in, your freckles on your face that made me want to connect them all, and your messy hair. 
	I always liked you, but I'm the type of girl who never brushes her hair, and wears over sized t-shirts and jeans everyday. Fast forward to 2 months later and you finally noticed this girl who never brushes her hair, wears over sized t-shirts and jeans. We dated for 3 consecutive years, and I could say they were the best and sometimes the worst years of my life. The words you told me are imprinted in my head, deep in my memory. "Savannah, we need to talk" he said to me quietly, I knew something was wrong because he didn't call me "babe" or "darling" and I never felt my heart beat so quickly. "Yes, darling?" I hesitated. I wouldn't look him in the eyes because deep down I knew this was going to be something serious. "I think it's time we split up, I feel like this isn't working out anymore, I feel like I'm disconnected from you sometimes" Christopher mumbled. I dwell on these words for some time, and I remember begging and arguing.
	"Christopher I don't understand why you're doing this, we can work things out, we're both finishing college and we had so many aspirations and plans for each other..." I replied. I was holding back all my tears and tried to stop my heart from breaking any more than it already did. He never said anything and all he did was shuffle away, with his head down. I sunk to the floor and I was absolutely hysterical, I couldn't fathom what had happened, I could not for the life of me figure out what had just happened, or what I did wrong. It's been a year since our breakup; I still feel the same way just as much as I did the first day. I pick up the phone and dial your number, "Hey.. Christopher, it's been a while I was wondering if we could meet up, maybe go to the park and have coffee?" "Yeah, sure Savannah." he agreed. I felt the big lump in my throat and I sighed with relief, "Okay, I'll meet you in 30 minutes!" I said happily. 
	I put my hair in a messy bun, threw some clothes on that I wore yesterday and patted on some powdered foundation. I could not believe I was seeing him, after a year of agony and heartbreak I'm seeing the man I so desperately love. I opened my front door, and heard it slam behind me. I didn't realize how nervous I was until I left my dainty apartment. It was cold outside, I wrapped my scarf around my face and I walked briskly towards the coffee shop. The coffee shop was a few blocks away, on the corner of Monaghan road. It was a cute small coffee shop, with dim lights and a cozy warm setting. The staff were always too welcoming and knew me by name. I unraveled my scarf from my face. "Hi love may I help you?", said the cute cashier with her hair in a messy ponytail. "Yes, can I have a medium coffee, 2 milk and 2 sugar?" I mumbled, I was still nervous seeing him, and I couldn't collect my thoughts. The cashier with the messy ponytail handed me my warm coffee. "Thank you", I sighed and pressed the hot coffee against my lips. 
	I wrapped my scarf around my neck and slowly walked to the park a few blocks north of the coffee shop. My head couldn't stop spinning from all the things I was going to say to Christopher. How much I wanted him back, how he's been, there was so many things I wanted to know. I reached the park and there was Christopher, pressing his coffee against his lips, bundled up and sitting on the bench. He wore a dark grey jacket, his hair was lightly tousled, and he now wore glasses. My heart sunk into my stomach. I don't know how long I must of stood there looking at him because he finally recognized me and gave me a light-hearted smile. I shook myself out of the daydream I was in and shuffled up to the bench and sat down. It was silent for a few moments, both of us sipping on our coffee, saying nothing. 
	"How have you been Christopher, it's been a while." I mumbled, staring down at my feet, swallowing trying to make the lump in my throat go away. "I've been alright, I live not too far from here now, and I have a job at this management office, I'm doing pretty well. How have you been Savannah." he answered. "Uh, I've been okay I guess." I lied. He nodded in an agreement, and I sat there racking my thoughts and to build up the courage to tell him that I've missed him. "I've really missed you, Christopher." I admitted. "Oh, yeah? I've missed you, too Savannah but I don't think it's the same kind of 'miss' as you're feeling" Christopher admitted. I felt my eyes filling up with tears. I remained calm and nodded my head in acknowledgement and drank the rest of my coffee. "I'm sorry if you came here to get back together with me Savannah, but I've moved on." He answered quietly.
	I didn't answer for a few moments and I let the tears roll off my cheek, "I've gotten to the point that being without you makes me feel like a part of me is missing. It's like I can't function completely without you, or like the other half of me is just gone" I choked out. "And without you, I just feel lonely and numb, there's nothing really I can do until you come back. Except you never will." I said, as I sobbed. I buried my face in my hands and took a few breaths to calm myself. I never imagined I would be sitting beside the love of my life begging him to come back. I felt pathetic and embarrassed. Why couldn't I get over this man? Christopher didn't say anything, he ran his fingers through his hair and sighed. "Savannah," he mumbled. I looked up at him, "It just wasn't working out anymore, you were busy getting ready to graduate and it felt like you were never there. I felt disconnected and lost." He replied. "You never talked to me about any of this! You could have talked to me Christopher, we could of sorted things out, but no instead you break up with me because we were busy graduating? Are you serious right now!?" I howled, I was feeling so many emotions, I was miserable. Christopher was flushed, he sighed. "I saw how miserable you looked after we broke up, I wanted to take you back out of pity but I knew it was wrong. There's no more feelings now Savannah" he confessed. 
	"Without you, I am nothing. I gave you everything, all of my being. We spent 3 years together, I can remember every little detail about you when we first met. I was hooked" I mumbled, sniffling in between sentences, "I've been on so many useless dates, and the only thing that ever gives me a sensation is the burning of the vodka I down at night" I confessed. I didn't let Christopher finish what he was saying, I got up from the bench, everything was a blur. I rushed back to my apartment, thinking about the conversation that had just happened, over and over again in my head until I could permanently remember it. I unlocked the door to my small little apartment and swung the door wide opened, and heard it slam loudly behind me as I rushed to my bed. I dropped on my bed and sobbed for what seemed like a whole eternity. This hurt more than what he said to me a year ago. I knew he wouldn't come back, he never will. 
	A few months went by and I can't seem to get myself out of bed anymore, the routines are the same. I feel emptiness. I started dialing my best friend Emily's number with shaky hands, and right as I finished dialing I realized I couldn't live my life in agony, nothing felt right. The only thing that ever felt right was the bottle of liquor pressed against my lips at night. I put the phone down, and I knew I could not stay in this state of desperation of love and happiness. I walked towards my dimly lit bathroom and opened the cabinet that was above the sink with my trembling hands. I reached for my sleeping pills that I take every night. I poured the pills into my mouth without hesitation. I turned on my faucet and chugged the cold water, and swallowing the many pills I just put in my mouth. I sunk to the floor and sat there in silence, this unexpected feeling of relaxation came over me. I contemplated writing a note, but I thought about the past 3 months no one called to ask how I was doing. I got up and shuffled my way into bed, I slipped underneath the covers and closed my eyes. I smiled, and drifted off into a never ending slumber.