i am basically new to this thing, and i am not even sure in which subreddit i should post it since there are so many, could use some help haha

give it a try, hopefully you like it. 







6 di mattina

6 am in the morning, first sun rays showing up the beautiful landscape i can admire every day i'm sleeping with u
i could mean the mountains, the strange early spring feelings (damn its just the firsts of march) around the lake or the blood orange sun itself setting free its own power but i hope you know what i really mean

that slow floating cold breeze fluctuating through the window while the bed linen touches ur body
it's 6 am and i'm still writing, trying not 2 sleep
it may be late but that really doesn't matter to me
what are you thinking of, while i try not 2 breathe
in your dreams you may be sinking, your body close underneath
and i don't wanna wake u up, the clock - god damn - is ticking so fast
you look so untouched, so deeply wasted in a dreamland. i don't wanna leave this place, please keep me here, it'd be a pleasure.
there are a lot of things to say, so poor that time flies away. laying in these blank, blanc de blanc white bed sheets, as if you'd be the incarnation of virginity.
like how you wrap your body around mine, when we watch some movies and you don't even try to not fall asleep since you have absolutely fallen for that way of retiring to your dreams while getting warmed by my naked soul. caressing your face, not stopping until you r gone. gone as if there wouldn't be any time to care about. school is about to start and i could watch you forever. literally to the moon and back like romantic people say, - as if i would need any romanticism after this.

& in my head you'll always be naked, naked because i can read your mind as if it would be mine - as if you could end any phrase i would start.
your skin like silk, whilst with my hand i go through your hair keeping your endless long natural curls behind your upside ear.
the perfume you wear is my essence of kissesandmartini. your lips fitting to mine - i take it, one simple kiss on your shoulder and the next shockwave sets in, altering through my body.

6 am in the morning and the first sun ray strives his way through the window and you open up your eyes. slowly taking my hand, cuddling further to my side pushing me to the end of the bed. i guess i am attracting you, a lil' smile runs down my face. being taken in by my hand as if you would get gift-wrapped. i start to feel the heat of your naked body, the closeness giving me a tough challenge not wanting to make some love.
and as you start to smoothly kiss my hand, i turn you around, quickly moving my right hand downstairs your chained legs around my body and start to pressure your back upwards. passing through your pelvis, feeling your hip bone with my thumb, going further up your rips, perceiving your soft, side breast. reaching the neck, i stack my second hand to it. grabbing your face with both hands, closing the distance just waiting for you to make that last percents of space missing to kiss me,
pretty much winning at everything in that moment.

