Ive known you longer than I remember. We were babies together, grew up together. When you were happy, I was happy. When you were scared, I protected you. I still remember how important that was to me.

You were my life.

I want you to know I lived for our adventures. Exploring desert wastelands in search of buried treasure. Chasing deer and rabbits through the forest. Walking the edge of volcanoes and threatening to push each other in. Sure, they were all places from your imagination, but they were my world. It hadnt been such a bad thing then.

We were inseparable, you and I. Your parents didnt always understand me. I mean, Ive always been so shy I could never talk to anyone but you. That didnt stop them from trying to make me feel included. I had my own seat at the dinner table each night, even when I wasnt there. Even if I never mustered the courage to speak to them directly, theyd still ask me about my day and if I was doing well. I always felt like I was part of the family.

Things changed when you started going to school. I couldnt go with you. I hated being left behind so I would try to follow you. Sometimes I could even sneak in during recess and we could play. It wasnt much, but it was better than staying home and waiting for you to get out.

Then you started making friends. I couldnt talk to them. I couldnt play with them. It suddenly became a choice: them or me. I remember how Id stand outside the fence, trying to get your attention. Your eyes would catch me and youd start to smile, then someone would call your name and youd turn to go. I told myself that it was fine. We could play after school. I just wanted you to be happy.

One day I was walking you home from school. You were barely listening to me and your eyes had this unfocused look. Like you could hardly even see me. After that you ignored my games. It was like I wasnt even there. I wish someone had told me that day was the last time youd talk to me. I wish Id known that youd realized you didnt need me anymore. All I knew was that I missed you so much. All I wanted was my friend back. So I kept trying. For years I tried.

Thats why Im here tonight. I dont know if you can still hear me. If you canI want you to know that I love you. I always will. Your happiness is my happiness. Even if we dont play anymore I will still protect your dreams and stand watch to remind you of who you are. I will always be here so, please, dont ever feel alone.

I may just be imaginary, but I will always be your friend.