My Mourning    
    Each breath I take is smaller than the last. Less I feel I hold it in. Time stands still. I can hear every pump from my heart fading. I am dying. I fall, ignoring the pain of my knees clashing hard against the ground. I clench my chest in agonizing pain. I try to scream, try to move, anything would help but I can't. Blood spills out my mouth as I cough, gasping. I try to inhale but my lungs seize, too full of bright, crimson liquid. I can feel myself fading away. I can't see, I can't hear and now I can not breath. It is as though all my senses have moved to one horrid spot, focusing on the pain in my chest. The terror I feel. The blackness swallowing me. It takes me and pierces my whole body. I surrender to it and accept it. A wave of remorse washes over me and then I cannot feel anything.
    I know that I have died. I don't know where I am or how or why. I am encumbered by dark. It is... consuming me. I'm standing or at least I think I am. I can hear something, it scratches at the back of my mind. It comes from all directions. It sounds like a scream, it gets higher and higher and it's ripping my head apart. My ears I want to rip them off. I touch them. They are wet with blood. There are more screams now each one is louder than the last. I CAN'T TAKE THIS! I NEED TO LEAVE! TO GET OUT OF HERE! I run but it does not help, it only seems to agitate them. They are so loud. Why? 
    "LEAVE ME ALONE!" I shout. They do no listen. I stop and look around for the slightest sign of relief. I am surrounded by nothingness. I try to touch the ground but there is none. I do not know how I am being held up. I sit down on it. Shaking and naked head and ears throbbing. I am cold, so very cold. It feels as if I'm turning into ice from the inside out. I grab my knees and pull them towards my chest, they ache but I cannot remember why. I begin to cry, cold, icy tears streaming down my face. I am frightened, I am terrified. The screams still have not left me, they are relentless. My blood boils with hate and fear. I do not think they will ever stop. Can they? I rest my head on the nothingness and cradle myself. I lay there, I try to close my eyes but they yell louder and emphatically, taunting me. Time is gone, I no longer can tell if I've been here five minutes or five years. Does it matter?
    As I stare into the nothingness it begins to calm me the screams are dying out now. Or I am. This is agonizing. I hold off, I can see something in the distance. I stare at it. It is getting closer. What is it, I wonder? My heart it beating in my chest, pumping faster and tighter. I gaze in the darkness. It is white? No. Pale. It gets closer. Hands, they are outstretched? I get up. Hope is showering over me. My rescue. I run directly to it as fast as I can, my own hands reaching towards my savior. Closer and closer I get. Closer to me it approaches. We are within reach of one another. I still can only see the hands? They do not grasp mine. I look at them and try to grab each one, fingers outstretched but they do not touch. The hands lounge at me. I try to pull them away but my fingers pass right through them. What is this? The sickly, pale hands grab my throat and squeeze. I can feel the malice in their grip. I choke and claw for air as I fall backwards. I can see them and now feel their touch but I can do nothing.
    I look up, my eyes widen in terror! I can see a pale, rotting face looking down on me from the blackness, soars and dead flesh covering its face. It's hair is matted and it's eyes are empty black sockets. Maggots drip from the decomposing flesh. I am drifting in and out of cousiness. I try to slap the grotesque face away but my hands are pinned to the ground. I am scared and hurting. Its mouth opens and it roars with a ear shattering howl. It crushes my windpipe. The pain that grips me every second is a millennium. I can feel it's weight on top of me. I beg for it all to end. 
    "Who am I?" It askes. It's voice mangled and shrill. "WHO!?" It wails. I do not know what to do. It begins pounding on my head. It's huge colerless fists beating down on me. Every hit sparks white, hot pain. There is nothing I can do, I can not speak or move. It is relentless and my body can take no more, my head bursts open and I can feel blood gushing from my skull. There is nothing left but pain. The innards of what was once a human face lay demolished in a perverted pile of gore and bone. The pale face disappears and I with it. 
    Breath disperses from my mouth and I awake again in darkness, although not empty this time. There is stone. Cold, damp stone. Jagged to the touch. A cave, I thought. I  touch my head. Its as if nothing happened. No memory of the gruesome beating it had received beforehand. I lay on my stomach wondering if I should try to move at all. Why should I? And then as if for some unseen reason I try to push myself up. There is more stone. I can feel it on my back, there is only a small gap. I look around but can still see nothing. I start to crawl. The stone scraping on my body, tearing at me. I can feel each scratch it carves into my body, but still I crawl. I do not know why. I want to stop, I am exhausted and covered in bloody gashes. I feel as if I am being forced. Coerced into some mad dash. Heat begins to wrap around me. The stone now becoming too hot to touch. My hands and knees are burning. Blisters begin to boil and puss. But still I crawl. Please just let it end. Please. By God, make it stop! 
    Whispers fly past me. Each one sends a shivering, breath of fear down my spine. 
Abandon All Hope... Ye Who Enter... They say.

Note: Think about adding  for you will have no salvation, only damnation.