It was warm. Unseasonably warm. Not hot, but enough to make you want to throw your window open in blatant disregard to the Chicago freeze that waited at the end of the weekend. The sun shone. The sidewalks hinted at some magical adventure that might lay just a bit further along. The elevated train provided a splendid view of all this. A sort of birds eye view of the endless possibilities hidden at every corner. He didn't notice any of it, however. He simply sat. 

He was ruminating on the man in front of him. Was this the type of man that could turn around at any second and ask to "bum a few cents"? No, he decided, but his opinion of the man wasn't raised any higher as a result of the decision. 

"A bums a bum, no matter how much he might try to hide it," he mumbled to himself. 

Tom was not the sort of man that gave a person the benefit of the doubt. Respect was something to be earned, and could be lost at a moments notice. The man lost Tom's respect when Tom noticed he had missed a button on his shirt. 

"Can't even get it together enough to properly dress himself. Probably a drunk as well." 

The man got off at the next stop. 

Tom breathed a sigh of relief when no new bums got aboard the train. 

It would all be over soon enough anyway. Tom wasn't all that attached to life on Earth. In fact, he was quite ready to be done with it. Everything was already squared away. His debts? Settled. Community and work obligations? Covered. Paperwork? In order. It had almost been a joy for him to make the preparations. Life on this planet had felt sort of droll for some time. 

Tom looked out the window. He hated looking out the window. 

"Probably a buncha bums out there. Waiting to ambush the next hard working citizen, begging for a handout." 

Tom got off the train. 

The building was tall...tall enough, anyway. And he had access to the roof. 

"Elevator's probably broken again. Damn building's a piece of junk," he thought as he opened the door on the street. 

Tom got in the elevator and took it to the top floor. 

He used his key to get out onto the roof. 

"Building'll probably fall over before I get a chance to do it anyway. Ruddy contractors always cutting corners." 

Tom stepped to the edge. He pulled something out of his pocket. It glistened in the sun as he held it in his palm. 

"Well, Gabby, this is it. Finally going to be rid of this place." 

Tom squeezed the object in his hand. He took a step. Wind whipped at his clothes as he accelerated. 

He stopped abruptly. 

"Welcome to Interstellar Relay #17c, Tom Bailey. There is some time before your connecting flight past the nebula. Feel free to explore the terminal. We have many dining and shopping options."