Prologue

Sharing the bizarre stories of men and women who have been through hell and back has been a passion of mine for the majority of my life. In early 2014 I stumbled upon a story in the newspaper about an American Patriot turned government contractor who had reportedly died in an accident in the Nevada desert. The story reported that he had been proclaimed dead by authorities, but months later was found on the roadside in a coma. I was immediately intrigued by this story and wanted to learn more, so I tracked down the hospital he was being treated and visited every day to check on his condition. About three weeks after being found near death, he awoke. Allowing him time to adjust from his awakening , I visited him a week later to inquire about where he had been during the time he was presumed dead. Ray was reluctant to share his knowledge with me, but after visiting with him every day for six weeks, we became friends and he finally decided I could be trusted with what he had to say. As he began, I immediately knew this story was going to be like nothing I had heard before.

He began explaining how he awoke alone and confused in the hospital bed and pressed the call button continuously until an aging nurse with nearly white hair and the most sincere, happy smile he had ever seen appeared in the doorway. Nurse Claire explained to him that he was found in a coma for three weeks and two days after an alien-enthusiast spotted him lying on the side of the road near Rachel, Nevada. She explained how he was brought into the North Vista Hospital in North Las Vegas as a John Doe. Officials were eventually able to identify him by his fingerprints through his military record. On the following pages is the incredible story he shared with me.

The Awakening

After learning that I was found back in Nevada on the roadside, my confusion really set in. My last memory was in the outdoor restaurant with her. Ill get to who she is eventually. The restaurant we were at was in a park in Providence, Rhode Island; so I am assuming that is where something went terribly wrong, but how I got all the way back to Nevada is beyond me.
Seven months ago my life made a dramatic change.

I worked for a Department of Defense contract company, in a very remote location in central Nevada. I cannot tell you the nature of my work, but I will say it was a dream-come-true. I learned my trade in the military after joining right out of high school and for the two years before I got this job, I was struggling as an unemployed veteran.

One day, while, at work, I was driving through a mountain pass and a man was standing in the middle of the narrow dirt road. I had been struggling to find a radio station, because there arent many to be received out there, and looked up at the last second before hitting him. I narrowly avoided the man by swerving to my right, which was a big mistake. I went over the edge of the cliff in the government jeep and rolled several times before stopping at a flat landing about eighty feet below. I have never felt the amount of pain as I did at that moment. I passed out.

Upon wakening, I found myself lying on a soft bed in a windowless concrete room, barely large enough to fit the twin size bed and a small desk. The fluorescent lights were dim and flickering as if on the verge of dying and there was no light coming through the small window in the single metal door in the room. The soreness from my wreck hit me immediately as I sat up in the bed and I collapsed back down onto the large feather pillow. As I lay there unable to move from the pain, the light outside the door to my cell flickered on and I heard people speaking. When the door finally crept open slowly, I instinctually wanted to jump up and attack whoever it was keeping me captive in this cell. That did not happen though, because I could barely move without crying out in pain.

A man in his forties with a thick peppery beard entered carrying a folder full of papers and sat down at the desk next to the bed. He wore a deep black military-esque uniform with a Beretta M9 strapped to his leg.

Before I could speak he pulled out several sheets of paper from his folder, arranging them into two neat piles on the desk in front of him, and pulled out a notebook and pen. In a thick English accent he finally said,

Hello, Ray. My name is Samuel and I want to talk about your past and your future.

At that moment, I assumed I was on the verge of being tortured in an attempt to gain US secrets. Hiding my fear, I gave my deepest glare into Samuels eyes.

Ill never betray my country, no matter what you do to me. You may as well kill me now.

He smiled and said I should hope not, son. That is why you are here. We know what you have done and the things you have accomplished, we want to offer you a position on our team and as you know from your time working in Nevada, there is a lot more to our government than the public is aware.

I already have a job that I love. Was it you standing in the road that caused me to drive off the cliff?

No, it wasnt me. But it was one of us. Kevin didnt expect you to drive off the cliffthough it did make it easier to get you here without a fight, Samuel said with a smirk. But nevertheless, you were born for this job. To deny us the opportunity to have you on our team would be highly regrettable and I recommend you accept the position and help us save humanity.

I looked at his face, trying to read him better. Samuel was a hard man, I could tell by his eyes and the wrinkles at the corners of his mouth. Ive been around hard men my entire adult life. After joining the military, all my friends have been battle-seasoned American Heroes. I could see this quality in Samuels face, but it was different. It was a very small noticeable twitch in his smile that told me he has seen more in his career, doing whatever it is he does, than myself or anyone I know has seen throughout our entire lives.

What is the job? Are you mercenaries? You obviously work for the government. The flood of questions came without really thinking, I was even more confused at that moment than when I woke in the small cell.

We are not mercenaries. We are employed by the Church of Deism, now formally known as The Church of the Modern Deist.
Deism? I have identified as being Deist for most of my life. There is no church of Deism. One of the biggest principles of being Deist is not believing in an organized church. I replied to him with a tugging curiosity as to what he was talking about. It made no sense to me.

Samuel smiled at me and let out a short chuckle, The Church of Deism is not a church in the sense that you think. It was established in 1791 by Thomas Jefferson and Franklin Monroe, though they created it anonymously since there is no real leader of Deism. Also, with Jeffersons political office, he did not want to appear to have more insight than any other individual. The
original purpose of the Church was to be able to employ men like me under a faade of being a religious group. The public image of the Church of the Modern Deist now is to educate others in the beliefs of Deism. Dont get me wrong, religion is very much involved in what we do. Just not in the sense that you are accustomed to. You claim to be a Deist as well, how do you view the relationship between God and his creations?

I have given this same statement many times throughout my life and immediately replied.

I believe God created everything in our universe and sat back to marvel at his creation to see how it progresses and grows on its own, much like a kid with an ant farm.

He again smiled at me and helped me sit up in the bed to face him eye to eye.

Very good. I have had a very similar belief for most of my life as well, though your analogy to a child with an ant farm is very interesting. Ill have to start using that when I have conversations about my beliefs. Now, do you believe that the god that created us is alone? Or have you ever considered the possibility that there are more beings like Him that can create and destroy as easy as we can create and destroy your childs ant farm?

Ive never thought about that, to be completely honest. I guess it never crossed my mind to think about any kind of Supreme Being that didnt have anything to do with the existence of things other than our existence - other than what I can see around me.

I dont guess I can say I dont believe that there is more than one god, but Ive always just accepted the thought of having only one god who created our universe and all its inhabitants, I said.

Samuel seemed to like my answer. Your answer is very much like any other typical Deist and really any monotheistic believer. Though you are incorrect. There is a very real presence of other gods similar to the one that created us. Franklin Monroe claimed to have been visited by our Creator and was tasked with keeping our world safe from these other beings. These beings once had their own creations much like that of our Creator. These other gods are sadly very petty and after seeing His creation growing and being much more successful than theirs, they have come into our plane of existence causing death and destruction throughout the world. For the last 200 plus years, we have been tasked as Gods army created to destroy these beings in order to save humanity from their wrath."

What Samuel told me took me by surprise. I suddenly felt very light-headed and laid myself back down onto the bed.

Im sorry. If what you are saying is true, I dont know how I could be of any help to fight against GODS, but I dont see any way to turn down the opportunity to help save humanity. So far in my life I have only fought for what is right, now youre telling me I can fight for the lives of every living thing in our world.

I can see this is weighing on you heavily, as it does most poor souls when they are enlightened by the truth of our world. I will leave you to rest and will have food, water, and some pain medication brought to you immediately. We can speak more tomorrow, but before I leave, you should know there is someone with us that cant wait to see you.

[Part 2](https://www.reddit.com/r/shortstories/comments/4340ud/sf_destroying_gods_part_2/)