I was 45 minutes late to work at the supermarket that day. I was never more than a few minutes late for work, but this was different. Because that day I had a sad revelation. That my existence, my presence, my contribution to those four years of high school (Best years of your life!) were absolutely void. I had no impact on anybody. If I hadnt gone there nothing would have been better or worse. I didnt leave a single footprint in those halls. If you can imagine your high school, you see the jocks, the cool kids, the stoners, the bad asses, the metal kids, the goths, the band geeks, the nerds. At least the outcasts had groups. I had no one.

That last day, for whatever reason, we had one final exam, so only a fraction of the class was present, and it was recognized that the student body would head to the cafeteria after to sign yearbooks. Although unknowing why at the time, I was weirdly anxious to get to the cafeteria. When I got there, I struggled to find anyone that could sign my yearbook and give me a memento, just give me a sign that I meant something to you, that I influenced something, anything. That I helped someone to create memories that they will cherish for the rest of their lives.

In a moment of desperation I asked Joe McKinney to sign my yearbook. Joe McKinney was (and Im sure still is) a great guy. He would be at the lunch table Id sit at most years of high school. He was smart and going places. I was too shy and distant so we were never close but I asked him to sign. I watched as he sat there staring into the Ms page of the yearbook. Audibly grumbling Ahhs and Hmms about what he would write. He grew more and more uncomfortable as the seconds ticked by. After the longest 10 seconds ever he wrote, Have a great summer, Steve! Passing it back to me he added, with defeated sincerity, Sorry, I couldnt think of anything, man. He didnt say this in a mean-spirited way, just in a completely freaking honest way. And thats why I was late for work that day. I had gotten the evidence and it smacked me right in the face. Just as harshly as the humidity hit me as I opened the door and dropped my frame into the beat up drivers seat of my 2000 Buick Regal. Any other day I wouldve cracked the windows but that day I made myself take the heat.
