 We could all see it coming and amazingly no one went into hysterics.  Sure there was crying and people shutting down but none of the looting, fighting or anything else everyone always suspected would happen.  It could have been from the lack of time or more than likely the planetary hive mind kicking in and everyone knowing that this was the end.

 I awoke to the sound of my alarm like any other day and got ready for my day.  Hair combed, face shaved and mustached trimmed I headed out the door.  I noticed immediately that it seemed brighter than normal and didnt even think twice about.  Oddly enough the thing that got me to stop and think something was happening was the sight of my neighbors car still in his driveway.  Hes a postman and hadnt missed a day of work since the time I had moved in about ten years back.  Its funny how its the little things in our day to day that seem to give us signs that no one else would notice.  Thats when I noticed a few people on the street in various stages of daily dress staring up into the sky.  I followed their gaze toward the heavens until I too saw it and could only stand there and stare in awe.  A giant black mass larger than anything I could ever describe took up most my view.  It took my eyes a long time to adjust to the glare that its surface was putting off, it looked like a second moon and due to its mass I couldnt rightly tell if was stationary or not.  It decided to answer this question for me at this point as I could see fire start to build around its edges as it made contact with the outer atmosphere.  The sound it made started as a low rumble that quickly grew into a cacophony of a shriek.  I looked around and saw my neighbors with mouths wide open, running toward their houses in panic, if they were screaming, I would never be able to tell.   Their voices had been easily drowned out by the chorus of flames produced by this behemoth falling to earth.  I stood and stared and felt the world fall away from me as the oxygen got thinner by the second.  I lay on the ground, now feeling an immense heat on my back.  As my eyes slowly closed the last thing I saw was the print under the wrapper of the last newspaper I or probably any man would ever see, it simply said Thursday 
