The day was dreary. Clouds grey, perpetually still as they hung over the horizon hiding the already weak rays on sunlight from reaching his skin. The perpetual drizzle that had been happening since early last week only added to the damp, cold feeling that was hanging in the air. Jeb Buckingham let out a deep sigh and put on a smile as he walked into the double doors of the mall to get some shopping out of the way. You would think in the year 2040 that they would automatic doors he mumbled, nursing his forehead as Jeb had literally walked directly into the large double doors standing at the entrance to the mall. This drew some stares from nearby shoppers as he then quickly pushed the doors open and briskly walked inside. Not even Jeb knew that this dreary day was going to change his life forever.

Chapter 1  Well Fuck.

Jeb lived an ordinary life, grew up in a nice town, watched his parents split, remarry, and split again. He was no stranger to family issues and hardships in his own right, but he carried on and made the best out of whatever he encountered. He didnt have to worry about money, but he was never rich. He was the epitome of an upper middle class member of society. At least, thats the way it looked. High school, like most kids was the bane of his existence. He struggled fitting in, and could never focus on what he needed to. It was almost as if his attention was drawn to somewhere else deeper in his mind, like a distant voice spoke just loud enough to cause his mind to drop everything and investigate. This led to more than a few remedial lessons and too many trips the guidance counselor over the course of his academic career. Jeb had always felt like something was different. That he was Jeb, but he wasnt Jeb. Like he had the capability to be different than those around him. That they couldnt understand who he really was. Hell, he didnt even really know what to do or how to make sense of those feelings. With those thoughts weighing in heavier on him each year he got older, Jeb decided to attend University. One year into college, he had a decent part time job, his own apartment, and a full course load. Each day though he became more aware of his differences to those around him. Certain movements seemed faster, as if other people were moving as though they were underwater, his vision was much better than he cared to admit, often feigning nearsightedness in local eateries on his way back from work. The one thing he wished for however was for his mind to free of this feeling. He continued his everyday life, until that fateful dreary Wednesday, April 27th 2040. 
Jeb awoke that Wednesday morning sharply. His eyes barely registered the 6:00 AM hologram floating brightly above his alarm clock blaring one of his favorite songs, Walk the Moon that he had found searching in an old music store debris on the outskirts of the forbidden zone. With one deft movement, Jeb silenced his alarm and immediately disappeared into his covers to continue sleeping. 
Jeb began to stir without the assistance of his alarm and slowly fought his way out of the cocoon of blankets and pillows to turn over and see 1:00 PM staring directly back at him. 
Well fuck. He said to himself as he realized what was supposed to be an extra five minute snooze had turned into sleeping through the classes he had that day.  
The Might as well do something productive today that followed immediately after was barely audible as he gracefully rolled out of bed and slammed onto the floor below. 
He began his routine of pushups, squats, handstand presses, and core movements. Jeb upon realizing he was becoming different from those around him as he grew up also decided to see if the same held true for physical activity. It did. He was noticing significant increases in strength, while not at mythical superman levels, he most likely would have excelled and become one of the best and strongest in any variety of sports. That is, if he didnt hate sports so much. Upon finishing his routine, he walked into his bathroom and ran water though his hair, and applied a backwards hat, pausing monetarily to make sure there wasnt any excessive bedhead visible before heading to the kitchen to find food. 
He systematically began opening and closing various cupboards and drawers only to come to the following conclusions: 

1.	He barely had any furnishings. Its been a year since he moved into his own apartment and the only types of furniture he had was a bean bag on the floor where the couch was supposed to be. He had ordered what he thought was a very nice couch, only to find out that a beanbag was delivered in its stead4 weeks late. It was a nice beanbag though, so no complaints on his end. Its not like anyone was going to use the couch had he bought it, not that he didnt have any friends, but he never had really asked them to visit. 

2.	He had no food. As appealing as stale pretzels sounded, he had put off grocery shopping long enough and decided to add it to his list of tasks to accomplish that day. 

3.	He really wanted a new sweatshirt. This was a conclusion he reached don his own, without the help of his kitchen investigation earlier. He simply just liked wearing hoodies. 


Jeb grabbed a handful of old pretzels and began getting dressed to head outside to start his day. HE donned his favorite hoodie which had a deep hood, it made him feel like the character in one of his favorite games. Ill just hit the mall and grocery store in the 1st district. He began voicing his plan in his head. He started walking in the direction of the 1st district, two grids over from the edge of the forbidden zone if he remembered correctly. 
As he walked, he took the route along the border of the forbidden zone, as he often looked for trinkets and debris to investigate when he was bored. He saw a small piece of metal reflect what seemed to be the smallest bit on sunshine allowed through the oppressive wall of clouds in the corner of his eye. It was a few steps past the warning signs but he figured nothing bad had happened so he might as well grab it and see if its worth anything. His feeling of being different grew exceptionally stronger, and his body felt heavier than it had ever before with each step into the forbidden zone, he wasnt sure if it was the fear of breaking the rules or the supposed radiation that was causing this feeling but he felt the hairs on the back of his neck stand up the longer he remained there. He scooped up the piece of metal that caught his eye and scurried back to the original path he had been walking. He looked in his clenched hand to see his prize and found it to be a rusty chain with an equally rusty ring on the end. He shrugged and tossed it over his left shoulder before continuing. As he wandered through the various streets and underpasses, he couldnt help but look up at the sky as he approached the mall. 
 The day was dreary. Clouds grey, almost unmoving as they hung over the horizon hiding the already weak rays on sunlight from reaching his skin. The perpetual drizzle that had been happening since early last week only added to the damp, cold feeling that was hanging in the air. Jeb Buckingham let out a deep sigh and put on a smile as he walked into the double doors of the mall to get some shopping out of the way. You would think in the year 2040 that they would automatic doors he mumbled, nursing his forehead as Jeb had literally walked directly into the large double doors standing at the entrance to the mall. This drew some stares from nearby shoppers as he then quickly pushed the doors open and briskly walked inside.
The mall was just as busy and confusing as the last time he had wandered inside to explore the different sales during the previous Christmas, while doing last minute shopping like every year of his adolescent life. Hundreds of voices intertwined together they created almost a rhythmic humming that slowly faded into the back of his mind as he began moving and dodging the masses In the direction of the video game store. 
Jeb passed various students in some of his classes, he offered them the biggest smile he could, and waved as to keep up the appearance of the ever energetic and happy Jeb. Its not that he was unhappy with his life, it was just that he felt so different. 
He slowly approached the window to the video game store and immediately reached for his wallet when he saw the box for The Forbidden Scrolls  Online. Part of an ever popular series of MMORPGs this one introduced the forbidden zones located all around the country and its origin. He flipped the game around and looked at the back description and features. 
From the darkest depth of the void they came, so swift was the destruction of the old colonies. Join your comrades in a fight against evil. Journey inside the Khazad-dum to find the truth behind what happened.  

 Jeb let out a small chuckle as he read the tagline on the back of the game. Because monsters caused and live in the forbidden zones. OK. I bet that the heros family was tragically murdered by the monsters and he goes on a story of revenge. Jeb was no stranger to overused plot lines and games of this genre. He was still excited to play it though.  

Jeb had never given too much thought about the forbidden zones, they were there long before Jeb was born and all throughout school he was told their cause was a war with a neighboring country had left deep nuclear impacts that are still too dangerous and radioactive to live in. He never crossed into it and there were never any issues. Of course, there were always fun ghost stories, lore, and rumors of those who went in and never came back. But those were mostly scary stories and he had long outgrown them. 

He slowly walked towards the register with game in hand to make his purchase. No matter how clich, he was a sucker for these kind of games: good vs. evil and teamwork. Jeb had always harbored a fantasy of becoming a hero so he could save people from sadness and monsters he dreamed up when he was younger. A kind thought, and unrealistic as he came to understand and had been told countless times.

 Jeb walked down the length of the store, coming to a full stop in front of the cashier. She was a smaller, athletic looking girl with her long flowing hair punctuated with bright pink tied up in a ponytail behind her. She looked indifferent, well to be more specific she looked fed up with the entire population and demographic this specific store had to serve. Her eyes seemed almost lifeless as her hands moved through the motions, finding the barcode with robot like accuracy and bagging it in the same movement. Im not sure why, but that was weirdly impressive Jeb thought, he reached for his wallet and began handing over his card to the girl.   
 
Lots of customers today? Jeb initiated what was to become very awkward conversation and lifted up the bag for reference as he asked. 

Probably she responded, not looking up from her phone which had appeared into her hands almost instantaneously after the transaction finished. 

Shitty weather huh? Jeb continued on with this clearly one sided conversation for reasons that were beyond him. 

I hate weather. She said without breaking eye contact with the device in her hands. 
That small and somewhat vague phrase had just hammered home the last nail in the coffin which held this sad, half assed conversation. 

Jeb walked out with a Jesus fucking Christ Jeb why in the world did you decide to talk to her followed by an I dont even like girls, Im gay inner monologue.

This internal conversation however, was cut short after a ground shaking BOOM! rocked the first floor of the mall.

 BOOM!. Again this time, but louder.


Jeb began pushing through the throngs of people all heading away from the direction of the noises. Why I am going this way Jeb he thought to himself as he was slowly gaining ground through the massive exodus near the food court. I dont know but I just have to was his response back inside his head as he pushed through the last group of runners and emerged near the bank on the fair side of the Mall. The last thing Jeb saw was a flash of something black and metal looking out of the corner of his eye fly towards him before feeling a sharp pain on the side of his head and immediately crumpling to the ground unconscious. 

Jebs limp body was dragged across the malls tile floors and into the adjoining credit union where a group of Thrashers (Thrashers was the collective name given to a particular gang that had a heavy influence in the first few grids of the city Jeb happened to live in) had decided today was a perfect day to try and rob a bank. 

As Jeb began to stir and regain consciousness he groaned and felt the blinding pain and heat radiating from the blow to the head he took earlier. This was in direct contrast with the feeling of ice cold tile pressed against the other side of his face as he lay on his side on the floor of what was formerly a credit union before the blasts from the thrashers rocket launcher remodeled the entire inside of the bank. Blood trickled down the side of his face like the path a raindrop takes on a window. He would have made an attempt to stop the bleeding if his hands werent bound and he wasnt half concussed.  Jeb managed to open one eye (the other was caked shut from the dried blood) and take stock of his current and honestly terrifying situation.
Around the room were two Thrashers, in their own world sifting through drawers and bags for anything of value. Jeb could hear voices off in the back room, two more distinct voices in conversation. That made a total of four Thrashers. As one of the Thrashers walked by, he delivered a swift kick into Jebs stomach that knocked the wind out of him and left him writhing on the floor in pain.  

As he rolled in pain on the ground as much as his restraints would allow, he managed to flip over and face the other direction. Jeb was not prepared for what he saw. 

Two lifeless eyes stared back at him. 

What looked like the body of a bank manager or teller riddled with bullet holes lay prone with his head titled to the side. Lifeless eyes locked in a constant stare. Jeb reeled and retched as he tried to roll/move away from the corpse. He coughed up what little he had in his stomach as his brain went into shock realizing this may be the last breath he takes on this earth. 

This one is pretty lively. Do we have to keep him around?  The Thrasher who was known as Hideki commented to his buddy-in-arms who was still rooting through desk drawers. 

We need him as a hostage, but once we get out of here we will BD the body. His comrade answered promptly from across the room. (B and D was a term well known in the Thrasher community as an acronym for Burn and Dump to refer to a popular disposal method). 

Jeb didnt even have time to think of what B and D could possibly stand for as a gut wrenching scream was heard from the back room. Followed immediately by a Thrasher  well pieces of a Thrasher blew through what was formally the drywall that was separating the reception area of the credit union and the back rooms. The following scenes were burned into Jebs mind for the rest of his life. 
