Victoria was beautiful. Her blonde hair shone like gold, and her blue eyes glimmered like opals. Her ivory skin was soft and blemish free. Note how I said she was. No one noticed the change. Except for me. I noticed how she didnt wear tank tops and t-shirts anymore. I noticed  how she stopped caring. I noticed the scars. No one cared, no one took time to talk to her. But I did. 

Victoria always has and always will me my best friend. I met her on the second day of school. I remember when we kissed, behind the mezzanine at the school. I felt something then. Something powerful. I felt tingly inside, knowing that she had a boyfriend. But I also felt tingly because damn she was a good kisser. Victoria was beautiful. She was my best friend, and I cared so so much about her. I kept telling myself, No. Shes a girl. Youre a girl. This isnt right! but then I also told myself Its okay. No one will know. Its okay. I decided that I didnt care what people think. It was my life. 
	
I shake when I see the scars, even and red. I hate them. they mar Victorias ivory skin. I tell her, Stop. Stop doing this. But she just stays silent and does it anyway. I know she tries to stop, but she just cant. Shes just sad. But shes not Got-An-F-On-A-Test sad, shes a different kind of sad. shes the kind of sad that you dont understand unless you experience it yourself. I have experienced this sadness. It kills you inside, from the inside out. Eating you like a parasite. Sometimes, you cry, sometimes you dont -- you cant. 

The sadness is dark. You feel lost. Nowhere to turn, nowhere to go. The sadness is maddening. You know you have no reason for it, but its still there. It may go away, but, like the cuts, the sadness scars you for life. It goes from red and itchy to white and barely noticeable. But if you look hard enough, youll find it. And like the cuts, the deeper and longer the sadness eats at you, the more noticeable the scars are. 

She tried to hide it. She almost succeeded. Almost. I noticed one day when we were washing our hands in the bathroom. She rolled up her sleeves and turned on the faucet. As she flicked her wrist to move her golden bangles out of the way, I saw them, and grabbed her wrist to get a better look at them.
What are these? I said
She pulled her arm back and turned pale.
Nothing. She smiled, Lets get back to lunch.
I didnt believe her.
A few days later, there were more. They grew in numbers until you could barely pick out the individual cuts. I didnt say anything. I regret that, now. If I had said something, told someone, it never would have happened. 
I was sleeping over that night, and I fell asleep around 11 PM. I woke up at 2 in the morning, my heart racing. Something was wrong. I sat up, and scanned the room, looking for Victoria. I pushed aside the blanket and stood up. Panicking, I raced to the bathroom and flung open the door and turned on the light. There she was, beautiful, young Victoria. She was in the tub, red everywhere. It flecked her ivory skin. The razor was still clutched between her thumb and forefinger. Her eyes were closed. The color was drained from her face. 

I will never forget that day. I will never forget the Victoria I loved. I will never forget the Victoria the hugged me, and talked to me.


						
