###Second Chances

I see my world and the entirety of my presence in it. My life before my eyes as I ask a silent sky: what led me to this point?

Born too young to a mother who didn't survive me; I spent my life ensuring no one else would die before they could see their son, or grow up without a mother.

Would she have been proud of the path I chose? My father was. A great man who nurtured my passion for healing until the day he himself fell to time. That was a low for me. It was around then that I was called to war. A battle between two sides of a playground argument, where all those to pay were merely pieces on a board. I fix such pieces.

For years the battle raged. Knives to guns, rocks to rockets, there were no shortage of tools for the destruction of man. All the while I sat there in a sanctuary where all sides were welcome. I'd healed both friend and foe for so long that I'd forgotten which was which. They hadn't.

I was consoling a boy one day; trying my best to wipe away his tears as I apologised for my own ineptitude. Whether it be because of skill, medicine, luck, or all of these combined; no reason is good enough for a boy who will never again see his father. I still had the mans blood on me as the child ran away down the corridor. A flickering light acted as transition between his fleeing figure and that of a squadron of approaching armed men.

These uniforms I had seen before, but usually with limbs missing. Now they came for me, and led me to the next chapter of my life as a prisoner of war. I'd personally saved some of these bastards and here they were on guard duty.

Time passed. Fifteen years had left me in my late thirties and with nothing but four walls and a piece of bread to my name.

The cells beside me were once filled with my countrymen but one by one they were led out. I'm now all that's left.

I look down at the loaf and notice something baked into the warm crumb. A note.

"Be ready at the chimes of midnight"

I stay up that night, anxiously running my hands through unkempt hair as I ask question after question. What was I waiting for? Who was coming?

The chimes strike and my usual guard is nowhere to be seen. Instead a much younger man appears with full chef attire and key in hand.

"Come quickly!" he urges as the cell door swings open.

"But I... they said I was leaving in a week... maybe I should"

"They lied!" he yells in a whisper to my frightened concerns. "Theyre going to take you to your death. Come with me now or face it"

I don't require convincing. We go right, a few turns here and there and then before I even have a chance to appreciate how close freedom has been all these years, I have it.

We are outside. The moonlight bathes me in its cold glow as an icy chill rushes past me. I embrace it.

I absorb every hint of night air. Its crisp texture fills my lungs and spin on the spot in delight.

"Thank you" I say breathless to the man behind me. I'm still staring at the moon when I continue my appreciation "You've given me a second chance and I promise you it will not be wasted"

"They were going to free you" he says from behind me.

I simply laugh in return, lost by his last statement "Then why did you free me"

I can't finish. I feel cold on my back for a split-second before it's violently pulled away. I turn and look down to see my near-black blood cake an otherwise flawless piece of metal.

He puts the kitchen knife back in; repeatedly thrusting its blade into my sternum. I can't speak. I can't ask why. I can simply look confused as I slump to the ground.

"That was for my father"