I banged real hard 3 times on the glass door of one of the local McDonald's in our area with an Easton medal bat. Warning knocks. Just before we threw a big cinder block through the glass door. It shattered exploding all over the ground around the door sending ripples through all the connecting windows down the side of the store, just like waves do before they crash against the shore. The cinder block flew hard in the air bouncing on the ground before it slid to a complete stop. We followed it into the McDonald's. We had the upper hand. The advantage. They would never expect anything like this to happen, especially at this time of night. Thank god McDonald's is open 24/7.  
"Everybody come to the fucking front, right now!! And put your hands on your fucking head!!" I yelled at the top of my lungs banging on the counter with my bat. Barney went straight to the bathroom just like we had planned. "Are you fucking deaf? To the front now!" I yelled a little louder this time.  
2 girls quickly came to the front and stood behind the counter completely petrified. Their faces white as ghosts. I wanted to ask them what was going on in their heads. Was their short and unfulfilling shit lives flashing before their eyes? That's what all the movies tell you at least. An epic montage flashes of all the greatest things you've ever done in your life.  
I pointed the bat at them yelling "cell phones, on the counter, now!" and I pointed to the counter right in front of me with the register, next to stands that hold week old chocalate chip cookies, next to winnable prize games for cancer donations.  
The 2 employees walked up and laid their phones down on the counter, and I smashed them too bits.  
"All clear boss." Barney said exiting the woman's bathroom.  
"Don't try anything stupid, cause my boy Chris over here has a gun and he's itching to use it. " I said walking around the counter to join them on the other side. "Don't fuck with -"  
She interrupted me crying her eyes out "Please sir, we don't keep anymore than fifty-"  
"Shut the fuck up, we're not here for the money." I screamed in her face as she dropped to her knees. I put my bat close to her lips shhh'ing her. Sobbing all over their grease stained uniforms, mascara blackened their faces, snot dripped off their chin.  
"All I want right now is a fucking egg mcgriddle, hash browns and a large sweet tea" I lowered my bat and hopped over the counter pulling up a chair. "What about you Steve? You look hungry. What'll you have?" I sat down and propped up my feet on the counter.  
"Egg mcmuffin and 7 pancakes," Barney yelled, "make this shit to go, we got places to be. Other appointments. Chop chop." He clapped his hands together. They just stood there absolutely stunned. I'm sure they had no clue what the fuck was going on.   
"But we, um, don't serve... um, breakfast right n-" I interrupted her this time.  
"Does it look like I give a fuck! You heard Larry, we're on a very tight schedule here!!" i yelled and they frantically ran around the kitchen making the fastest breakfast meal of their entire lives.  
"What's your name?" I decided to change my demeanor because this particular girl slapping together the egg mcmuffin was actually kind of cute.  
Sweat raced down her face like a speeding car. She was so nervous she forget her own name, but she finally blurted out stuttering what sounded like ruh-os.  
"Rose, you're doing great, really, keep it up." I assured her.  
Meanwhile Barney was jumping around on all the tables putting his face close to all the security cameras flicking them off, waving his bat around like a maniac, slapping his ass, putting two fingers in front of his mouth sticking his tongue out peace style.  
"Ya know, Rose that's a beautiful name.  
"Thanks," she stuttered, "it's my great grandmothers name."  
"I bet she's a wonderful lady."  
"Thanks." She replied. "She was beautiful."  
"Then you guys have more in common then just your names."
I bet if I wasn't sort of technically threatening her life and I didn't just say she probably looks as hot as her grandma I could have gotten her to blush. I mean she seemed like she was digging it. At least as much as the situation would allow.  
She definitely was an attractive chick. You know a girls a babe if she still looks hot as hell in that ugly ass blue uniform. Hair in a pony tail, sticking out of a hideous SnapBack McDonald's hat. Shirt tucked in to some ugly fucking khakis.  
Fuck shitty minimum wage fast food jobs. But they say you should work  in fast food at least once. It helps you appreciate... whatever. And hey everybody has to start somewhere. And whats better than catering to obese Americas every move, waiting upon every request.  
Yes sir.  
My pleasure sir.  
Would you like to supersize that for seven cents more sir?  
Have a great afternoon ma'am!  
"You're doing great, Rose." I said again as she finished preparing the food. She ran up to the counter stuffing it all in a bag. It will all be over soon."  
"Any condiments or dipping sauces to go?" She tried to joke. "Salt or pepper?"  
We were the kids on YouTube ordering ice cream cones and sticking them on our fore heads yelling unicorn. We were the kids that ordered our meals with creative raps. Maybe a little more violent but still accomplishes the same concept none the less. We were the kids that scared the shit out of McDonald's employees at 4 in the morning for the fuck of it.  
"No i think that will be all for tonight." and She handed me the bag with my egg mcmuffin and I winked through my ski mask, leaving $15 behind on the counter. We're not thieves. Extreme practical jokers seems appropriate but then it doesn't.  
"It was a pleasure meeting you Rose. I honestly wish it were under different circumstances." And we ran out the shattered door we came in towards the woods. 