An elderly man with a walking stick is waiting for a bus, the sun is rising over a hill. The bus arrives and lets on the elderly man. He takes his wallet out to pay for a ticket but the wallet slips and falls to the floor of the bus. A teenager wearing a hoodie with a rucksack behind him picks it up and hands it to the elderly man. he thanks the teenager and as he is about to pay, the bus driver says dont worry about it, take your time The old man smiles, pays for his ticket, sits down on the bus next to the window and watches the sun rise as the bus drives into the city.

The bus arrives at the edge of a park, the elderly man gets off and thanks the driver with a smile and a polite nod of his head. He starts to walk through the park, looking at the trees and plants, seeing families playing, couples having picnics then pauses when he reaches a fountain. He sits down on a bench and takes his hat off, holding it to his heart, a tear runs down his cheek, he pauses for a few minutes. he looks down at a pocket watch he has. In one side there is a picture of a lady, he reaches into his top pocket of his shirt and pulls out a photograph and smiles. The elderly man pauses for a minute then continues walking through the park.

He reaches the end of the park with a huge building on the other side of the road. He slowly walks down the path to the crossing. He hears some children playing in the park, one of them shouts You cant beat me, I am ULTRON. One of the other children says We can! because we are the avengers! The elderly man smiles and continues walking, he crosses the road and heads to the large building. When he reaches the door, it opens automatically and a voice says Hello, and welcome to the Baxter Building, Home of the Fantastic Four. The elderly man walks in and sits down for a few minutes, watching people come and go. A receptionist walks over to the elderly man and asks if she can help with anything. the elderly man says with a smile Im just remembering some old times with friends the receptionist smiles and says Well, if you need anything, just call me over. The elderly man thanks the receptionist and waits a few minutes then leaves.

The elderly man walks down the road to a small fast food restaurant. He walks in and sits at a table. A waiter comes up to him after a few minutes and asks what food he would like. The elderly man declines the food and says im just remembering the first time i was here the waiter says im afraid you will have to leave if you arent going to order any food. The elderly man smiles and says ok, sorry for wasting your time. The elderly man continues his walk through the city, seeing landmarks, pausing and smiling, the continuing on his journey. As the sun starts to set, The elderly man heads back to the bus stop.

He gets on the bus and sits watching the sunset. The teenager gets on the bus again and sits a few rows behind the elderly man. As the bus reaches its last stop, the elderly man gets off, the teenager shortly afterwards. while the elderly man walks back to his house, he passes an alley with a group of people pinning someone against a wall. He tells them to stop but they just laugh and continue. As the elderly man starts to walk towards the group, they pick up some pieces of wood. The elderly man smiles and says ive done this many times before and it never ends well, you can all leave and no one gets hurt. The group starts to run at the elderly man. he begins to walk towards them. Just before he they are about to fight, someone flies over in a suit of armour and lands between them. leave now otherwise people will get hurt he announces, the group start to run away as the elderly man helps up the teenager. Thanks he says, the elderly man smiles and walks back to the road. do you need help getting home old man asks the man the in armour. The elderly man chuckles to himself and says dont worry kid, ive been in worse fights with your granddad, but tell him Cap says hi. The man in the armour pauses for a second to think but before he can ask who Cap is, he has vanished. As the elderly man reaches home, he hears his phone rings, he picks up and says Hello, Rogers residents, Steve speaking. The man on the other end of the phone laughs and says Cap, youve got to stop confusing my grandkids. The elderly man laughs and says ill put it on my list he puts down the phone and smiles as he falls asleep in his recliner.
