(TW:Animal Abuse)



Misadventures of Scubacat. 

Hurry up and get in, were going to be late! 
That's my owner, Jennifer, she's been mine for as long as I can remember. 
Okay, just give me a second. I'm trying to figure out how to get your cat in this bag without him killing me! 
The smelly male is her mate, Steve, I don't like him very much. He's always taking her out of the house and she comes back smelling like him and other terrible things. 
I remember first meeting Jennifer, she was a kitten at the time just like me. She took me everywhere and I loved it. She would always put me in these kitten clothes and to be honest even though I hated it, I loved her, so I put up with it. 
As we went on, her and I grew up and she still took me everywhere, we would go in her loud moving box for what she called rides and at first I hated it, we always went too fast, there were always voices in there that I couldn't find. But after a few times I started to really enjoy it, even stuck my head out the window and let the wind blow over my face. 
She called me a dog a few times, those times did not end well for Jennifer.
After I started getting a bit bigger she got me a bag to play in while she would go out for walks. She always carried it on her arm and I would look out over the top of the bag to see all the other humans walking around. 
Sometimes she would take me to the big human box, it had lots of treats and toys and really friendly other people that always said hello to me when I poked my head out. 
I loved getting treats, she always got me the fish ones, oh and the toys, there was this one time that she got me a mouse, it smelled so good, it always made me act funny though and it always made Jennifer make happy noises, that made it even more fun. 

The best thing about Jennifer is that she has this thin box that has people and sometimes birds in it that she always plays on. She would always leave open for me when she left our house. I love laying on it, it's always so warm and considering how cold it's been since the white stuff started falling, it's been really nice to have. 

It was a few months ago that Steve moved in with us, ever since then Jennifer doesn't take me anywhere anymore, she always says that we will go for a ride and go to the big human box again but we never do. At least we didn't until today. She took me out to see the white stuff and go for a walk, she put me in this ridiculous looking thing, sure it's warm, and made of some kind of fur, but it doesn't smell like any cat ive ever smelled. But really that's like 3 cats. 
She put me back in my bag, it was nice, I hadn't been in there in a long time. When we got to the big human box we went in and she took me out to walk on the floor, she told me I was getting too fat for my old bag and we are going to get a new one. 
Her and Steve were holding paws as we walked, they just let me walk where I wanted though, so I made my way to the toys and sniffed around for a little bit, then I moved on to the treats and food. 
I know where most everything is in this place, we used to come here a lot. 
After a while Jennifer and Steve told me to follow them and they took me to where the bags were. She showed me one, it had a place for me to look out when we were walking, but it was different, she put it on her back and told me I would be able to see a lot more now. I'm excited to try it out. 
She put it on the floor for me to look at, she opened it up and I could see how fuzzy it was inside so I jumped in. Look Steven, he loves it! Jennifer said Yeah, you know he's just a cat, right? Replied Steve 
It's not like he really even knows what you're going to do with it. 
Steve and Jennifer talk like this a lot, she says something and basically he tells her that she's stupid, then she cries and I try to make her feel better. 
I'm getting the bag, Steve! Jennifer says, and on that note she picked the bag up with me still in it and we're off with Steve following behind. 
When we get to the other human they ask her to take me out of the bag so that she can ring it up.
So, she pulls me out and hands me to Steve, I really don't like Steve, so I claw his arm as she hands me to him. He screams, I purr, Jennifer laughs. 
As we head outside back into the white stuff Jennifer tells Steve to put me in the bag so I'm warm and that they need to get to moms house soon and to hurry because we're going to be late. Needless to say I'm not going to make this easy for him. He opens the bag and I put all my paws against the bag and push back. He tries to hold me a different way and put me in and I reach up and claw his paw, so he shakes me a little. Now I'm mad, no one shakes me! So I flip my back paws up and start kicking him as hard as I can. 
Tell me again why you didn't have him declawed?! He says as he stuffs me in the bag and closes it on me. We get into the moving box and Steve tosses me in the back, my hole is covered and I can see what's going on, but I can here Jennifer yelling at him. The box starts moving, I can feel it moving fast, faster than Jennifer has ever gone, she was always careful when I was with her so it must be Steve moving us. 
I can feel us turn and my bag rolls to the side, great now I'm on my side and I still can't see. Steve is yelling now, louder than I've ever heard before, Jennifer is yelling and crying at the same time. I start growling to let Steve know that what he's going isn't okay and he had better stop. I feel something hit my bag hard a few times, then it hits me in the head, it hits me hard. 

Everything is muffled, like that time I was chasing the red bug and ran into the wall, I can't see straight either, I can hear Jennifer screaming at Steve now, louder than I've ever heard before, the moving box seems to be going faster and faster. Steve is screaming as well, but I can't tell what either of them is saying, the box is moving so fast, I'm scared. 
It turns sharply, my bag rolls and hits the wall, then something new happens, something I've never felt before, the bag jumps. It's the same feeling as when I jumped off the counter, then it slams back into the chair, everything goes black. 

It's cold now, really cold, I can see out my hole now at least, Jennifer's arms are moving up and down, so is her hair though. Like the time I sat on the side of the big bowl and she went under the water, like the time she jumped into the stone pond at our house and splashed me. 
My paws are getting wet, I don't like the wet, it's so cold too. I move to try and get away but there's nowhere to go, I back up against the fuzzy wall of my bag but it just makes my bag flip over.
I can see out the back of the box now, I can see the sky, the stars are really pretty. I don't think I've ever looked at them before. The water is coming in quickly now, I've given up trying to get away. 
It's dark, so dark and cold. I love you Jennifer, I'll see you soon. 

