Not two years ago, president Franklin Delano Roosevelt stated that we, as a nation, as a people, have nothing to fear but fear itself. For awhile I believed him; why shouldnt I? I am just an average citizen trying to make a living in this hell-of-an-economy. According to Mr. President, there is nothing to fear for me, except maybe going hungry and losing my job, but those are trivial compared to the real horrors of the world. I put my faith in the words of the grand ol President, and I believed those words, keeping them as my mantra, until the events of last week. Last week, on a dreary Monday night, I learned that there is more to fear than fear itself.

On my walk home from my warehouse job in Queens, I saw a shadowy man standing under a streetlight. I found it odd, seeing as it had to be nearly 3 in the morning, but thought nothing of it; maybe he was a night worker like me and was just waiting for his ride. As I grew nearer to him, I started to become uneasy. He hadnt moved an inch in the few minutes it took me to walk the 500 yards to the streetlight. Though I am a fairly large man, and I have seen combat, this slight, gaunt man in the coat was making me nervous. I drew closer to the streetlight, and, now mere feet from the man in the cap pulled low over his eyes, I could smell his stench.

The smell of rotting, burning flesh like that in the trenches of Germany filled my nostrils, making my eyes water. Ive smelled a fish cannery, and I knew this wasnt the same stench, so I continued walking in order to avoid any further contact with this dark figure. For some reason, I expected him to try to talk to me or call me over, so I made a point to avoid eye contact and stray from the light of the lamp. I held my breath as I passed him, and after I felt I was a safe distance, I looked back, and he was nowhere to be found. There was a full moon in a clear night full of stars, so I was able to see very clearly the streets and the buildings around me, yet I could not spot this cloaked figure anywhere. I decided the night shifts must have finally gotten to me, so I beelined it for my apartment and went straight to bed.

That night, I awoke before the sun came up to what I thought was the sound of a man chuckling. With a cool sweat building and my anxiety starting to peak, I decided to begin my day and forget about both the man and the unsettling sound that drew me from my slumber. For the next six nights, these same events occurred: I walked home from my job at the factory, only to see the man under the streetlamp. As I approached him, the smell of decaying flesh filled my nostrils, and as I pass him and look behind me, he was gone. Yet every night, after I passed him, I felt his presence more and more. It was almost as if he was following me, right on my heels, yet of course whenever I turned around the streets were empty.
 
Every night, I awoke to the same sound, at the same time: 6:28 AM. I found it odd, yet never spoke to anyone about it. I didnt have too many friends after I came back from overseas; most of my buddies fell victim to the clutches of the war.

Finally, last night, I confronted the man under the lamp. I couldnt take it any longer. As I approached him, I shouted, asking him why he was there and who he was waiting for. What he responded, I will never forget.

My name is of no importance to you, dear soldier, he said in that same, cold chuckle I heard every night before I awoke. But if you must know, I am Mr. Darkly. And I am waiting here for you.

At this revelation, goosebumps grew along my entire body. He was waiting for me? How did he know I was a soldier?
 
He asked me with a smile, in his deep, guttural voice, one simple word: Perplexed?
I could do nothing but nod, and he then began to walk towards me. As he grew nearer, I noticed why he wore a cap and a coat. His skin hung loose on his body, a sickly gray color with splotches and pieces missing. He had only one eye and his nose appeared to be burned. He tipped his hat to me, almost as if to greet an old friend hello, and I saw that on his head were tufts where his hair should have been. The most unsettling of all, however, were his teeth. From the rest of his body, I expected missing teeth or a yellowed, decayed mouth. However, he smiled a wide smile at me, teeth full and bright as the morning sun.

He explained to me how for the last week, he had been following me home, sneaking into my apartment building and watching me sleep. He told me that after standing above me for so long, he could not help it and began to chuckle. However, as soon as that horrible sound escaped his lips, he knew he was made so he ran out the front door. Meekly, I asked him why he was torturing me. To my surprise, he answered with one simple sentence: Because its fun.
After my question he laughed once more, and I made a run for it. Surely he couldnt catch me, right? I ran, sprinted, as fast as I could to my apartment, checking behind me as I took the stairs three at a time to my fourth floor apartment. I never saw him, yet I always heard him, loud as if he was standing right behind me. That guttural chuckle, coming from the invisible, gaunt man. I threw my door open and locked it behind me, knowing now there was no way he could have followed me into my apartment. I sat for hours against the doorframe, because to my horror, his laughing never ceased. It grew louder and louder and louder and I had had enough. I screamed at the top of my lungs for him to stop, begging him to leave me alone, urging him to give me peace. Still, all I heard was that disgusting laughter.

I broke, Im sorry to say. There was no other solution. I had to end this madness. I ran to my coat closet and opened up the chest I had hidden under my shoes and umbrellas. Memorabilia from my time in the trenches awaited me, and I found the key to my salvation. A hand grenade was lodged in the corner and as I laid my eyes on it, I knew what must be done. I pulled the pin and stood in the center of my room. I waited for death to come, and as the timer in my head started to tick down the final seconds before detonation, I choked. I realized I was being rash, but was unable to end what I had started. In a desperate act of self-preservation, I tossed the grenade as far as I could in my fifteen-square-foot bedroom, and after hitting the wall, all I remember is a hot flash of white. I woke up here, in this room, being questioned by you, bandaged up and unable to feel a thing. I think I got him, officer. I think Mr. Darkly is finally gone. I dont need to worry about him anymore, and you dont need to worry about that mad man on the streets.

Im happy I could serve the people once more, even if it meant taking out the top five floors of my apartment.

The suspect, a veteran by the name of Jason Daly, was arrested in his hospital room after being thrown out of his apartment building by a then-unidentified explosion. In the explosion, there were 15 civilian casualties. I believe Mr. Daly to be mentally unstable and would suggest incarceration at an asylum for the deranged. He may not seem too unhinged now, but after they hand him a mirror and he gets a good look at himself, I can only imagine what his reaction may be. Once he sees his disfiguration and discolored skin, he may just snap.
