.

.


Bend over a little more, slut, lets see what your hiding under there..

Asch.
Why did that one seem familiar?  

 Its so small, why is it so small?

I dont know! Why is it so small?



Sometimes it answers. Which is sorta neat.





BUT TODAY IS TOMMOROW!!

But then that happens, and I guess I prefer it wouldnt.

What if, right?




Dad doesnt give a damn at all, get over it man.


Eh..

its like Im a-fucking-radio with some anxious brat yanking my nobs around.

Whatever, gotta go to sleep.
.



So small, why is it so small??




___________________________________________

(Coffee and Cigarettes.)

(Actually. Cigarette. Then a coffee. Then a post cigarette.)

I stare at the sun from my porch, waiting for one of us to blink. 

Apparently, if done this early in the morning, you dont need to eat all day, let alone having a cigarette, coffee and then a cigarette.
 
I say out loud There is something to be said about sun gazing as if the sun can hear me, and might respond with an answer.

I blink. I blink again. Then many more times, watching the suns silhouette painted into my vision. It sort of awkwardly dances as I follow its lead; slightly above the middle of my vision.

It comes up the vines of my neighbors house, until its permanence fades over the second story window.

Suddenly Im staring at a little girl. Her dad is right above her. She stares at him with her neck corked up, then looks back down with a blank face, confused.

Our eyes meet. Shes startled, and Im a bit too. 

Sun gazing is stupid. 

I walk on to my usual route to my usual coffee place.
 
I like to call it the Cup-o-Joe, but its real name is Cup-O-Steve.

I get it, and all, its just not funny. Too loaded of a name.

I walk into Cup-O-(Steves)-Joes making eye contact with a barista I dont know.

The place is small and I sort of prefer it that way. Ive been to coffee houses that are bigger than my own place. Seems like a waste to me. Who wants to lounge around with so many people? 

Yeah. Small is the way to go. 

I introduce myself to the barista, who has long black hair and very bright red lipstick. 

She has multiple flannels of different colors over each-other, and a bright pink scarf tied tightly around her ankle; I could tell she was trying to do something.

 Though, I dont know much about fashion. 
 
Her name is Lisa, and shes seemed pretty nice. 

I walk out with a caramel Frappuccino.

I excuse myself. 

Its bloody hot out and besides, Ive been sun gazing practically all day.

Its tough, you know?

I walk by a breakfast diner with live performances in the morning. I wont go in, but Ill stand outside.

A boy is playing acoustic guitar, probably mid-teens. He gets pretty into it, making the stool swing a bit with his building strums.

An older man is at a table, looking down at his phone. Two women are at the counter paying. 

The man wears a gray sweater, and a blue collar shirt sticks out, the woman, mostly matching, wear workout shorts with tops of blue and green. 

The boy looks up, first at the women leaving, then beaming a smile at the man. The man doesnt look until the smile becomes uncomfortable. A bit too stretched, if you know the look. 

The smile fades, and the boy looks disappointed. 

I cringe slightly and continue my morning. 

I walk a couple blocks past little ticky-tacky boxes filled with clothes and fast food.

Siri look up half asleep hallucinations.

Siri searches and I remember that jackass still owes me three hundred and fifty bucks.

Siri says Hypnagogic Hallucinations 

Totally normal. Cool.

Jackass is Jacob. My room-mate. A coder, or something like that Stays home to work. Always says hes broke so I always spot him. This time it was a bit bigger. Computer repairs or some shit.

I think for a second about how I could catch him with extra cash.  He tends to mumble shit to himself sometimes, maybe I can figure something out.

I noticed frank across the street in his usual position.

I usually like frank, but I told him yesterday Id give him some change today. 

I awkwardly say the same thing I did yesterday.

Tomorrow, Frank, Tomorrow

He gives me a hard look, like hes screaming in his head, or something, saying something real frank like.
 
I walk off and try to forget it.

I cant. 

Poor Frank. 

I get home and start my second cigarette and slowly tilt my head towards that second story window.
Sure enough, the little girl is still there.

She stares at a little ship in a huge oversized glass bottle.

How the hell didnt I notice that?




Whatever.

I curse the sun for not blinking earlier and walk inside saying too damn early as I drop the half-drunk frappe in the garbage. I walk into Jackasses 
room to wake him up and get my damn money.

Hes not there, but you wouldnt be able to tell if you didnt know where to look.

I walk to my room thinking how fucking insane Jacob is. 

Says hes got anxiety with people, which is why he became a coder. I dont know, Ive heard some weird shit about him. 

Pseudo-Example: Something about beating customers up at a grocery store or some whacked out shit. 

I havent asked about it.

I dont plan to ask about it.

I hear my computer chair rustling, then slamming into my desk.

That fuckin jackass. 

 I almost bust in, but then think he might be talking money to himself.

I creep up to the door and try to listen in

Bend over a little more, slut, lets see what your hiding under there

.

Asch.  



I tap on the door.

Jacob you mother fucker, put on your fucking pants and get the fuck out of my r-

He opens the door before I can finish. 

He looks right passed me with that weird thousand mile stare of his, saying

Thanks for letting me use your computer, means a lot to me

What a fucker.

Fuck you Jacob, I never said you could use my bloody computer

It was unlocked, I dont know your password. I assumed it was ok.

Why the fuck would that be ok?

What do you mean? It wasnt locked.

What the fuck? See? Kids fucking nuts.

That doesnt mean you can go into my room and jizz on everything you fuckwit

Jizz on everything?



Asch..

Yeah, Jacob, Jizz on everything.

What do you think I was doing in there?

Fuckin-A, why you gotta play dumb all the time Jacob?

Were still standing in the doorframe of my room and hes still looking at me with that same fucking stare.





He doesnt say anything, just stares, then walks past me into the kitchen and to the back door.

He stands there for moment looking into the garbage,  says Im not the fuckwit.  then picks out my half drunk frappe, and leaves. 

What. The. Fuck.

I hate this kid.
______________________________





You dont fucking notice symmetry




Daddy Im sorry! I just wanted to ask it why it was so small
 

Geez kid whatcha do?





EAT MY FUCKING CHANGE WILL YA?!






Oh for fuck sake, he does this everytime.


I bet he does..

every night with shit.




Can I hold it daddy? I wont break it I promise!


.

.


Laundry day. Laundry-Wednesdays.

The sun and I have our usual battle.

I have my usual cigarette.

Sun Wins. 

Fuck you Sun. 

And fuck you Jacob.

I look up, Girl is still in window, still looking at small ship in huge bottle.

Did she ever leave?

Pop shows up and she asks him something.

Stomach growls. Hungry, grumpy. Screw Lisa, Ill get some breakfast today. 

I walk into town and go that little diner with the cringey kid.

Cringey kid is still there, but not playing music.

Cringey kid is eating with older man, I think the same man from yesterday.

I sit at a booth, and a waitress ask if I want coffee. 

I ask for a caramel Frappuccino.

Lisa says they dont have caramel Frappuccinos.

Waitress name is also Lisa, which is sorta neat. 

Lisa ask if I want to think about it.

I do.

I think about leaving, getting frappe, coming back.

Eh. 

Lisa gets yelled at by what can only be cringey kids dad, something about hair in the food, wanting money back etc etc

Kid looks embarrassment and pissed. 

Dad seems like a Jackass. 

Scene seems over.

I ask for a normal coffee and a breakfast sandwich with bacon on the side.

Not two minutes later Lisa gives me my food.

Food is good. Especially after cigarette. 

Everything is better after cigarette.

Except Jacob. 

Yeah, fuck Jacob.

Hes been weird before, but never that weird.

I think about it. Decide weird is the wrong word. 

Mean. Mean is right word.

I leave, putting fifteen sixty seven on the table, including a three dollar tip.

Expensive town is expensive. 

I walk a couple blocks until I get to All Washed Up

Laundry place.

Good name, got no complaints really.

I go to my preferred machine, but an Irish man is already at it.

Fuck, what are the chances? 

Go to machine on far end of store.

Reminds me of urinals in the mens room.

I chuckle out-loud and start feeding the machine.

Clothes in, machine fed, machine works.

Good Stuff.

Irish man doesnt have as good luck. Starts getting real red and thrashing the machine around.

Irish man is real big, real scary. Wearing a quilt and has red hair.

Thats Irish right?

Or Scottish?

I start craving my post cigarette and decide to come back later.

Irish man will appreciate it, Im sure. 

I walk a couple blocks past little ticky-tacky boxes filled with clothes and fast food 

I notice Frank is his usual position.

Realize I have no change for Frank. 

Again.

Fuck. 

Frank starts talking to hobo friend, doesnt notice me. 

Speed up walk so I can pass Frank.

I get about thirty yards away when I hear Jake!

I pretend not to notice and keep walking

Today is Tomorrow Jake!

I ignore him, he continues

And yesterday was too!

Fuck you Frank.

Not in the mood. 

I get home as I finish my post cigarette. 

Little girl in window, and so is dad.

Little girl crying, dad looks peeved.

No small ship in oversized bottle anymore. Go figure.

I walk inside, check Jacobs room.

Vacant.

I notice my room door is closed, but I didnt close it.

 Mother Fucker.

I creep up to the door and listen in

You dont fucking notice symmetry 

The door opens and Jacob is standing right there, just staring at me.

-Am scared as fuck for a second.

What the fuck Jacob?! What the fuck are doing?

 Waiting for you to come home.

What. The. Fuck.

Why did you have to wait for me my room, why not the kitchen?

I actually just told you.

What?

Fuck this, fuck him for using my computer.

 Man you owe me so fucking much and this how you treat me? Seriously man, what the fuck is wrong with you?

Wrong with me? Youre the one being a fuckwit

I curl my fist up, thinking : Ima knock this fucker out if he keeps talking like this.

In a mocking tone Jacob says

 Ima knock this fucker out if he keeps talking like this 

Whoa. What? 

Jacob smiles at me. 

Never seen Jacob smile before.

Creepy as fuck.

Dont know what to say.


Punch Jacob in the face.

Hard. 

Jacob falls, hits head on door knob. 

Fuckin knocked out.

Drag Jacob and toss him in his pig pen.

Sort of scared, a bit relieved.

Mostly surprised I did that.


____________________________________















We listen to similar stations, thats all.











that it?












Wake up. Feel fucked up. Want to say sorry to Jacob.

Jacob is awake. 

Jacob is at kitchen table. 

Sort of relieved.

Looks up at me.

Is actually looking at me. 

He says Hey.

I say: Hey

He cracks that real creepy smile and continues

I dont owe you shit, you got me?

Fuck. Totally forgot about the money.

Dont know how to respond.

What a jackass.

Sit down, say Yeah, ok, guess thats fair












Have to ask:

What the fuck happened yesterday Jacob?

Jacob stops smiling, gets real simple and mundane, like hes reading a paper and answering some an offhand question:

We listen to similar stations, thats all. 
----------------------------------------------------------------------
