"Ahhhhh!" A young solider screams.


"Get him on the table,what happened here?" A weathered doctor steps below a dim surgical light.


"Ah man, Jesus. They just came out of nowhere! The trees! The bushes! The side of the road! I wasn't ready! He's bleeding man Fuckin do something! What kind of doctor are you!" The soldiers green friend rushes around the question.


"Hey!" The doctor steps to the solider out of the dim light, he carries himself with such a natural breathe in this kind of situation. "get the fuck out of my surgery!" The doctor in the same motion as grabbing the young blood splattered solider by the face and shoving him out the steel door faster than he came in, grabs a scalpel and gets all the info he needs from a more veteran member of the squad. What a natural, 9 out of 10 doctor, I can tell this isn't your first rodeo!


I park myself out of the way on a steel table along with another member of this outfit.


"That doctor doesn't take any shit does he" I say to him.


"Heh, you wouldn't either if you were him" he takes out a cigarette, thumbles it abit before clutching it between his lips. I try to make out his face, but it's nearly pitch in this place.


"So he's been doing this for what 20-30 years?" I ask him.

"20-30 years? Your eyes must still be working off that flash bang?" I shrug at him, arms folded. Thinking about it, that probably explains why I'm sitting in the pitch dark next to 'guy' the black chain smoking blob. "Heh, well he's 27, so he's younger than you by the better part of a decade, started off at 15, so I'd reckon, the doc's been round the block one too many times to deal with 'rookies first PTSD'."


"You sound familiar, what's the story?" I press him.


"Hm" he nods sucking an unlit cigarette, suppose it's better sucking on an unlit one in here, than going outside and get sniped before you can enjoy it. " I remember the doc when he was as green as the boy he just tossed out of here. He was a field medic and a surgical assistant to his late father. I had him patching me up on his first day in the filed, pulled a few strays out of my sorry hide that day, but" he taps the cigarette on his thigh " we had 16 loses that day, he had 7 of those men die in his arms. He cried at the start when he had to take the water from the men's belts to wash the blood off his hands between bodies, but he quickly glazed over. After that he had 6 amputations, few of those were childhood friends of his. Can't imagine what it's like taking a knife to a friends limb" he leans over to clutch his cigarette, hiding his face.


"What about the rest?"


"Well, one he shot between the eyes, after trying to find his lung beneath the sand and intestines. The other 2 died from the explosion or resulting gun fire, you know what it's like in the thick of it" he trails off, shifting his cigarette, now slightly chewed at the end.


"Shit, that's rough for anyone. But a kid? I couldn't imagine."


"Yeah for 6 weeks he just came and went. Couldn't get a word out of him. Between you and me, his daddy trained him well, but the life he's had, is no life for a child."


I try and read his eyes, now that mine aren't as busted." Between you and me, huh?"


He tries to smile at me, but I guess that's something he doesn't know how to do anymore, so his grin will make do. " heh-heh, you don't miss a beat do ya, outsider"


(Feedback is appreciated.)