Shall we turn off the lights?
Yeah, seems like as good a time as any.
Eyes angled down through his glasses, Bill picks up the iPhone, squints slightly and gives it a soft swipe. All of the lights quickly fade to black.
Gnight honey.
Goodnight. 
The soft adjustment of the pillows and the duvet slightly muffle the noise of a soft kiss, the only other sound in the room. It has been a hard week of campaigning, answering good questions, blowing off others and finding ways to fill the grey zone. And while the stress is somewhat palpable, it is not what you would expect at this stage. Hillary even has a smile as she shifts into dream-mode. No, its not arrogance or denial. All has gone to plan, and the plan is about to come into full force.

Good morning Mrs. Clinton, he just called and is on line 2, whispers the cautious young secretary.
Thanks Chris, Ill take it in the office. Oh and Chris, you can call me Hillary.
Sure thing Mrs. Clint I mean Hillary.
They exchange smiles and Hillary starts to walk down the corridor. Her pants, the almost black ones, make that swishing sound, which is the reason why she no longer wears them in public. (These are the same ones that Colbert mocked; the swishing noise makers that let you know shes coming was the funny line. Hed then managed to truly find his voice by pulling up a pic of Bill in a kilt. Im not saying anything, but pictures do speak a thousand words. Yeah they do, shed thought staring at the paused screen, Colbert finally showing his shit-eating grin. Her witty retort of,  well actions speak louder than words, had gotten a lot of laughs on Ellen.) However, today is an office day, and it would be a pity to let them go to waste. Hillary slowly closes the door, takes a seat behind the covered albeit organized desk and places the phone to her ear. Good morning Donald. How are things? Yes I did catch the debate. Do you smell the potpourri? That line was brilliant. Ha ha ha, yes Rubio sure is Catholic! So you agree? Ok then, its time. Tomorrow it is! Ill see you soon.

The stadium is large and hot and crowded, but this is only adding to the energy. Sure they have sweat on their faces and seeping through their star-spangled shirts, but this is only adding to the energy. The debate has been going well. With just three candidates left, they are all getting much more speaking time and revealing their true abilities and colors. Rubio simply cannot hack it. His repetition and simple mind are all the more pronounced. Cruz is smart, but he comes off like the ass he is. Even better, his attempts to fix this, like conversing with Ana Navarro as Rafael Eduardo and jogging with his mother on Sunday, have raised more questions. (Why doesnt he usually go by that name? Why does Wikipedia have Rafael Edward Ted Cruz? How can she do both that and go to church for fourteen hours?) Meanwhile The Donald is soaring. No, more clarity has not been offered. If anything, his statements have been all the more contradictory, hypocritical, evil and they love it! In fact, its time for him to stoke the fire. Some smug faces. A silly grin. Eyes are rolled. A new GIF is born. Cruz falters and looks at him. Trump pounces. Hes in for the kill. Cruz is a hypocrite. Cruz is a fool and a liar. Look, Rubio cant even keep up. These arent the exact words, but the crowd loves it. They eat it up. Thunderous applause, hoots, seat slams, foot stomps and maybe even bagpipes fill the echoing stadium all the more so because the roof is closed. Those fools are dead. The crowd wants them to know it. Rubio realizes it and seems to step back. He might as well go off stage. Cruz does not, but his smug lean in and foiled attempt to interrupt just make him all the more unlikable.  Scuse me, ahem scuse me, he tries but gets nowhere. Indeed the noise of the crowd grows louder, the noose tightens and he has to stop leaning on his podium. The stage is now set.

Donalds tirade grows all the stronger. The moderators cannot get their questions answered. The opponents barely get a word in edgewise, and when they do theyre either, idiots, or rude interrupters trying to make my point, THANK YOU. Its perfect. The nonsensical self-contradictory contents of the vial could not be more infected. You can see it beginning to ooze out in the sweat of the crowd as they raise their flags higher and swing them fast enough to make some loud cracks. And then comes the first curve. Nobody gets it. They cheer all the louder. Maybe they dont really hear but cheer nonetheless. Trumps lips are moving. Yet a few more follow, and this time they are loud, clear and sensible. Even still, there are many who do not get it. They continue to cheer and wave their flags. However, one line finally gets them. Few quite hear the full thing, but with words like equality and affirmative action not being surrounded by boos or the typical Trump thumbs-down, its impossible to ignore whats going on. Some are angry, some are confused, and maybe, just maybe, there are a few old timers with white beards and well-worn cowboy boots who know that they have to clap. Theyve been duped. Theyve been bamboozled. Theyve shown their true colors of red, of white and, of course, green. Theyve been had.

It takes a bit of time for the dust to settle and for the truth to be revealed. No, Donald is not still seeking the Republican nomination. Yes, he and his daughter had discussed the incestuous remarks before hand. Yes, she had agreed to and even laughed at their use. No, he didnt think that they would go as smoothly, which he found so telling. Yes, he is still running. Yes, this was the plan all along. For a second, Fox and Cruz attempt a comeback, but the truth is out of the box. Rubio holds a press conference announcing the cessation of his campaign. (The late night hosts love that he once again takes a sip from a plastic water bottle.) It is finally clear that Donald is still going to run, but as a Democrat, and that he is fiscally conservative, socially liberal, very open to immigration  in case this one divorces me too. Shes pretty smart. He makes the news and talk show rounds. His appearance on Real Time goes down as one of the best: making fun of Bill Mahers fear of women (You know bill, I dont think they were really going to eat you. I dont think they even wanted a lick.) goes down really well as does his passing of the joint to the correct side (Sorry Bill. Im working, but Im on the left, so let me pass it.). Even still, there is some confusion about his goals and method, and for this reason there is a press conference.

They are all there: the young, the old, the capitalists, the socialists, the play-writing marine and his boyfriend, the nearly nudes and the head covered combo of a recent refugee and the nun from Trumps school days. There is a slight touch of fanfare and ornamentation (the non-helium filled balloons will certainly be remembered), but he is quick to the stage. He is here for a purpose, as is Hillary. Indeed almost all of Clintons and Sanders closest staff members stand on the stage. The scene is set for Trump to announce how he came to Clinton some time ago, how she graciously declined and very politely rebuffed the offer on numerous occasions until it just became too obvious, too insufferable and, too much of a risk to let the teabaggers win. The passing of Scalia only reinforced the necessity. Trump walks to the mike, and the silence is immediate.

Well, it has been one crazy ride. I think that it is clear that weve got this in the bag. I know that some of you out there feel that I have lied under oath and cannot be trusted. I understand that and would like to apologize and explain. Yes, I did lie, and no I cannot guarantee that it was absolutely necessary. However, I think that if you look at the other candidates, at their words, their actions and their successes, you will see that I was not alone and that these ridiculous views and risky actions are well established in our system. I, and others, feel that it was too much of a risk to let this go on, to let a representative or exploiter of those fears run this country. He is smart and calm. With the accent still there, his words are clearly and slowly spoken. Looking around, Hillary can see that the glazes are transfixed and that the crowd wants to believe, no, does believe. Whats that? It was a funny line, not right on point she thinks. Who wouldnt stumble after speaking like a dolt for such a long stretch? Who doesnt squint in the light after staying in the dark? But the next line makes no sense. Trump is beaming and standing tall with his focus on the crowd and its people. No, Im not just doing this for the job security, although I do know that they wont kill me if the next in line is a train traveling socialist. How about it Bernie, isnt it time for the first Jewish Vice President from Vermont? Trump turns. Both men lock eyes, blush somewhat and nod in agreement.

Hillary jolts up. Bill has turned back on his light and is reading again.
Im sorry my vixen, did I wake you? Do you want me to turn the light off?
No everything is fine. Grabbing the first available pair, the pants make a few loud swishes while she promptly pulls them up and yanks the zipper. Now fully dressed, she heads quickly to the door.
Where are you off to at this hour? Vixen?
Huh, oh, Im off to work or pray maybe both.
Ok, well get thee to a nunnery, he jokes and quickly realizes that Hillary has not heard him. There is no smile or smirk, no slight eye raise or roll. He hasnt been heard, which is a good thing, for now is not a good time.