Going back to how things were, or going forward. Forward, to me, seems best. This isn't going to change anything either way. Entropy will get us all, and eat up the memories we've ingrained in the stone we've touched. But things like entropy don't apply anymore. 

It's easy to say that sounds like the words of a child on the brink of a suicidal bout of penmanship. Instead, I believe a history lesson is in order.

As inconsequential as they all amount to be in death, a dream is a powerful tool for ourselves. Two dreams which separately allow our lives to go on, forever oblivious, and yet, aware of the oblivion awaiting. 

An interruption. A boy sitting in his room, gazing outward, through a veil of glass, framed by the carcasses of flora. Coated and glazed in the beverage of a psychopathic chemist. A woman, strolling about a different kind of forest. One not bound to the inescapable future of being reformed and reshaped into a square to be coated with such a mixture.

The psycopath drank the mixture; drank the chemist's beverage. It was no beverage. It was paint. The ramblings of such a man were to be ignored, and yet still...the one who drank paint did so to fulfill a goal. A dream.

Two dreams. One occurs while we sleep and one while awake. The boy dreams of going outside. Such an historical day for the boy.

Yes, history. Almost the reverse of entropy if your interpretation aligns in such a way. Dreams are a mechanism. We organize ourselves, the selves which we do not allow to live. We nurture and desperately try to revive our old friend creativity in a room we cannot utilize it from. All in dream. The kind when asleep.

The mind when asleep is, in the psycopath's words, "Useless to the waking."

This is the same man who lead a team of other psychopaths in lab coats to the creation of a creator. A spiraling, exponentially uncontrollable idea. To take a dream, and manifest it, through light display, and complex printing. 

Snowballing. Rampant discovery and adaptation. Numerous iterations of abuse. The machine was to be medical; for research. It was to be for entertainment. But we all know the stories of genies.

"I will grant you  wishes,"

"First, I wish for the limitations on your power to grant wishes to be voided."

"It is done,"

And like a human outwitting an AI with a struggling thought train railroading towards a logical loop to force the machination's limited flexibility into failing on an error, the conversation continued.

"I wish to be exempt from any short comings and twisting of my words in regards to wishes."

"It is done,"

The point of this story is that we all know what happens next.

"You have one more wish..."

"I wish to be able to grant my own wishes, without being a genie."

Obviously, it was done.

But you see, Genies do not exist. Or they couldn't. Not till the second big bang. This one was an abstract bang. No proper explosion. In fact, it was anti-climactic. 

Some unnamed soul managed to plot in his head the best way he thought to use the psychopaths' machine. He made another machine. A machine bound less by design. With this machine, he made a more powerful machine, and the Russian dolls just kept pouring out.

This is no story of history. It is of a young boy and a woman.

The woman was still click-clacking her shoes among the concrete. The sky was warped to a harsh rainbow of swirls. Clearly someone else was ejecting their dreams onto reality at this moment. An event so common, so easy, that it merely meant batting an eye.

The things people did to change themselves and the world are innumerable. An impossible and ever growing list.

"Hey, sweets. Why don't you come and see what I've got cooking!"

"Fuck off." She had no interest in romance. She had no interest in anything romance could bring her. Including the most precious of all possible creations.

"Bitch!" The grizzled stand worker was showing his disdain over having to choose to leave his snack cart and chase her down, or stay for the money, through his scrunched face.

As was written into the laws of metaphysics by an opportunist with a hate of chaos to prevent the sick, chaos loving dreamers and nightmare dwellers from becoming demiurges outright, one must meet a set of unknown conditions before vomiting their subconsciousness into life.

Thus, cities like this still maintain their identity, as meaningless as that notion is.

In this city, which was modeled after ones like New York or Boston, wound up much more culturally confused, or mixed. It's more like a lackadaisical Hong Kong of children's ideas of dinosaurs and explosions in urban settings.

The logistics behind which are none too flattering, I assure you. Thought the reversal of extinction and invention of several species is one thing worth noting of magnificence.

I swear, if I have to deal with one more asshole barking up my tree... She thought as if she had given herself the modification to communicate with others through spatial vibrations requiring no sound or movement between participating parties. She has yet to.

"Y'know, it might not be too bad an idea to let someone like that down easier." This man had no intention of interaction. Just a friendly foe.

Don't think I should be taking advice from strangers, "How will I know to thank you if I don't know if this is reliable advice?" Take the hint, please.

"Doesn't matter to me. But it seems like this city aint for you."

"Ahh, I don't suppose it is..." If it doesn't matter to you, then keep it to yourself.

Quite a few paces forward, and turned twice down different streets. Does the direction matter? In a gridlocked menagerie of dreams and monolithic concrete structures of business, direction is one thing everyone finds, well, distracting.

She looked down at the ground. It wouldn't have caught her attention if she hadn't heard the sound of her foot. The material seemed to have changed. It still seemed as porous as regular concrete, yet the sound was as if matted dirt was beneath her feet.

"This is either shoddily made or intentional."

"I guess you got me."

"No," This is what you wanted...

"So what brings you hear?"

"Don't you want to ask a lady's name first? Or show off what you look like. Seems manners don't last long when being raised in this city, huh?"

"Oh! What a catch." The disembodied voice snickered afterwards.

"Well?" I don't have time for this.

"You don't get to see me. I just need to know who you are."

"My name is Scilla."

"Like the flower?"

"Like the fucking Greek myth, can I go?"

"A rock and a hard place, huh? Well, Scilla is the name of a flower, I can assure you, though you may prefer to be thought of as a sea monster. That connotation doesn't work without a partner to complete the ensemble."

What is this guy doing? "There, you realize who I am now, so-"

"Hold on there. I never wanted your name. I wanted to know who you are. So let me pluck your peddles a bit."

"Seeing as how you have me in an illusionary box placed to ensnare passers-by, I don't see how I get out without things getting messy or you letting me go. So get to the point."

"One could say you had the wrong Greek myth, and you're stuck in my labyrinth." He paused for time. Scilla could tell it was to elicit a response from her, but she didn't take the bait, "If you could change 1 law of Protophysics for 10 seconds, what would it be?"

This guy nuts? Laws of physics can be manipulated, but laws of metaphysics are off limits now that they've been set that way. We didn't even know that protophysics existed to mandate the laws of metaphysics like metaphysics mandate laws of physics until a generation ago. All we did then was re-appropriate a label used for ancient Greek philosophy and science to explain it all with no information to even guess on.

"I'm waiting."

"It's too abstracted. How am I ever supposed to answer that?" What kind of-

"You may go."

The wobbly heat like waves of air faded to reveal a slightly different city background.

"Hey! Where'd you go?" The culprit was gone. This isn't good. This reeks of an organization hiding something by wasting people's time as they pas by a location. Something must have happened.

Organizations, or organized crime organizations have changed. Violence isn't needed as much, but still happens in very brutal form. Policing in the chaos of a dream filled world is near impossible, and the worthlessness of money and abundance of drug and invention of new drug-like experiences disseminated by criminals can be done with more clever tools.

He only let me go because I didn't know of any laws of protophysics. But if he is mafia or the like, how does he know? She looked back around, almost paranoid. I don't like this city.

Meanwhile, the boy looking outside noticed a man walk by. From right to left. Then as soon as he was out of frame, from right to left. And again.

"It doesn't matter to me, but if you don't surrender this land to us, you'll have to go too." The man was speaking to the boy's neighbor.

The worried look on the child's face as his parents were gone for several days pained him as his hunger did too. A child only knows how to cook so much, and only has the resolve to make sure he eats when absolutely hungry.

The electric-glow of the artificial plants his mother dreamed up lie against the wall by his room's door. The man outside left again, his warped tactics to confuse the owners not working as well as he had hoped, a slew of wavy steam-like wiggles in the air followed behind him as another man faintly walked behind him.

There was a knock at the door.

But if the mafia is here, what could they want? Usually someone putting up a trap like that is covering something up or preventing someone from entering an area while they are acting, so as not to interfere.

Regardless of that, I don't know how to do this. I hope this kid's still okay. I mean, his parents have been dead for 3 days. He must be running out of food about now. If I don't get him to the orphanage quick, he might actually begin to starve. It's too bad it isn't feasible to constantly dream yourself up food.

The door creaked open.

"Hello?" Broken, yet curiously still warm.

"Hi, I'm Scilla, and I need you to-"

"Are mommy and daddy here?"

"Um, no, uh..." This kid, he looks so tired. "I'm gonna take you to them."

The kid didn't want to leave the house. It was all he knew. The stuffed anthropomorphic elephant holding hands with him was clearly going to be coming along as well.

"Miss?"

"Yeah?"

"What's your name?"

"Scilla."

"Hi, Scilla."

"So what's your name? You got one right?"

"Taiga." So quiet the non-existent wind muffled it."

"What's that?"

The kid, embarrassed, "Taiga."

"Your parents Russian. Uh, are you Russian?"

"What?"

"Taiga is Russian for Forest."

"Um, no. It's a bird, I think."

Learn something new every day. "Alright, well, let's go. Other people will come back for your things, but let's get you some food."

Taiga and Scilla embarked. But they didn't make it far. The timid boy and the frustrated woman stumbled through an invisible fog. The smell of cookies came up, but no ordinary cookies. They invoked the color purple and the convection of multiple temperatures, all through smell. She knew. 

"Look who I got, again!"

"Nice to not see you again, Mr. No-bodied Nobody." What a day.

"And a party of two this time! Who's this?"

"My names, uh, Taiga..."

"He doesn't mean your name, kid." I swear, if you torment this kid in any way, I'll tear the skin off of your fucking neck and separate your spinal cord with my fingers...as soon as I find you.

Scilla looked down at Taiga and the Elephant person in his hand. Immediately, she calmed down, for his sake.

"Look, Mr.Voice, we've both had a rough day, you already got my answer, so-"

"I know, so now it's Taiga's turn."

I swear, if one more person interrupts me today, I'll- She looked at Taiga's hand in hers. He began to speak. Great, now I wish I modified myself for that! Of course she is talking about that form of communication mentioned earlier.

"What do you want, Mr.Voice?"

Giggling at the boy's mimicking of Scilla's name for the man, "If you could change one law of protophysics for 10 seconds, what would it be?"

This is ridiculous, they're even checking kids for this?! What will they do when they find someone that knows?

"Um, Scilla?"

"No helping, Scilla!"

Taiga looked back down at the ground, then to his stuffed animal. "Whatever one brings my parents back home."

And now the pieces fit! His parents were reported for a car accident...but it has to be the mafia. Damn it Taiga, now we're in for it! "Get behind me." She whispered to him.

"So long" The voice exclaimed.

Instead of them being attacked, the trap was lifted. Taiga and Scilla were free to go.

But why? She thought.

"Even criminals have hearts too."

Scilla turned around as if to face the voice. But he was gone, still. 

Could he hear my thoughts?

"Scilla?"

"What is it?" She looked down at him.

"I'm hungry..." She wouldn't be able to bare it if he had cried. Just the tone of his voice almost caused her eyes to water.

His hand is so small in mine. He's holding it like he'll never let go. The way things are, I don't know if I want to let go either.

She was glad when the city was behind them. The thought lingering in both of their minds was to temporarily become a makeshift family for this makeshift world. Dreams for the both of them.

by GuyWithSausageFinger