Lawrence Not Larry Hader sat back, frustrated, in his 1991 Cutlass Supreme. The traffic couldn't be any thicker. He needed to get his package to his boss by the end of the day, and the way the cars were seemingly parked on the highway was making that less and less likely. To make matters worse, his radio didn't work. He hated driving in silence.

He took off his glasses, rubbed his eyes, then the few remaining hairs of his head, put his glasses on, and sighed.

What's the matter, Larry?

Lawrence jumped in his seat. Jesus! Where did you come from?

You brought me here. The voice was coming from his passenger seat and belonged to a beautiful woman in a glamorous green sequined dress, the kind you might see on the red carpet of some award show. Her hair was blonde, long and flowing, and her makeup was every bit as beautiful as she was.

What do you mean? And how did you get in? I didn't even hear the door open. Lawrence looked around, trying to see where she came from.

Oh, Larry, you just looked so lonely, so I appeared. She put a hand on his lap.

Lawrence was startled at the touch, cold and warm at the same time. Lawrence, not Larry. How do you know my name?

I know a lot about you, Larr-- Lawrence. She smiled at him, and he swore he never felt more love in his life.

But he was still confused. Who are you? How can you just appear?

What do you mean? You carried me here. The woman was confused as well, now, though that only added to Lawrence's confusion.

I only carried that package here. I definitely did not carry a woman. I would have remembered carrying someone as beautiful as you. Even he noticed that, from him, it didn't really sound all that flattering. He might as well have said she was human in his non-excitement.

Thank you, she said, seemingly surprised that she was a beautiful woman, but what package?

Lawrence reached back and grabbed the loosely wrapped package from the back seat. The binding came undone and the two realized that it was an old book.

The woman recognized it. That's my old grimoire. That's how I got here. Why I'm an attractive woman, I don't know, but at least I can start to figure that one out.

Lawrence didn't have words. He was too shocked. He had no idea what she was talking about, but it was starting to scare him. She was beginning to speak words that he didn't understand while she opened the book. She began to fade and change shape in front of his eyes. He was frozen in his car.

Suddenly, someone honked behind him. Traffic had cleared. Lawrence looked in the passenger seat. The woman and the book had disappeared, leaving only the wrapping. He pushed the gas pedal and went on to his boss.

When he arrived at the occult museum, where he worked, he was nervous about what to tell his boss about the package. "Hey, um, Mr. Pontz, I don't know what happened, but I don't have the package anymore." 

"Lawrence? What are you doing here? I thought it was your day off."

"You wanted the package..." Lawrence held up the brown paper wrapping to his employer.

"What package? Are you feeling okay?" Mr. Pontz looked concerned.

"Larry? I mean Lawrence?" a sweet and familiar voice came from Pontz' office. A beautiful blond woman wearing a green sequined dress came out.

"Oh, Lawrence, you know my new assistant?"

"We've met," the woman said with a wink. Lawrence just stood there, dumbfounded, staring at the visitor from traffic.

--What did you think? Would love to hear from you! Thanks for the feedback!