Chapter 6  Kill

Three days left. 

Jeb had resigned himself to leaving, or at least he told himself that, so it was decided his attendance in his classes at University was optional at best. With his day now much freer than it had been in many moons, he decided to spend some time with his friends. He thought, well he knew it would be painful if he had to leave them, but he wanted to spend time with them and break the news as best as he could. After a little planning and texting, plans were made to meet up at a new caf in the mall. 

He started walking down the usual route towards the mall with a few additional detours that steered clear of the outskirts of the Forbidden Zones (given his recently acquired knowledge and experiences in the last 48 hours, he thought it was a smart choice). Well Im sure anything can be better than the last time I went to this stupid mall. He had originally been opposed the idea of going back there, but his friends ultimately were more important and he knew Rae was probably lurking around somewhere so help hopefully would be nearby if something happened. He thought about the people that were waiting for him at the caf as he walked; Darren, Elise, Lindsey, and Kira. 

Darren had been Jebs friend since he stared attending University over a year ago. He had short, cropped hair and always seemed to be wearing a beanie, no matter the temperature outside. He was not too tall, but you couldnt call him short, well built, with a tongue almost as sharp as himself, and he always seemed to wear a smile wherever he went, which Jeb thought was almost sad, considering how Darrens life had been. God, he always had that fucking keychain too referring to a small, ugly, and ratty stuffed animal keychain Darren had found after falling into a pile of debris along the outskirts one afternoon. It was a cat, well used to be a cat at some point. The fur and defining features had almost all become unrecognizable. 

Elise and Lindsey were sisters, although not related by blood. They grew up in a foster home together and quickly become inseparable. They were almost the same person sometimes. He was really going to miss their quirky attitudes and bubbling positivity. Lindsey was a small girl, with wavy blonde hair that almost seemed to shimmer in the right lighting. She was almost always in direct contrast with Lindsey, who was one of the tallest girls Jeb knew with long dark hair that rested just above her hips when not held back in her bun. Still not bitter about that he lied to himself. 

Kira was secretly his favorite. She had dark unwavering eyes, with shoulder length brown hair that always seemed to cover half her face. She was pretty in her own right, but never seemed to acknowledge it or spend that much time on her appearance. Her personality, while abrasive at times was something he appreciated immensely. She offered her blunt and sometimes harsh opinion on everything she was asked and would never hesitate to tell you the truth and nothing but the truth, given you had the confidence to approach her.

He rounded the final corner of his new safer route and approached the all too familiar double doors of the mall entrance. The camera crews and police force from the commotion earlier in the week had thinned out substantially, with one or two extra officers patrolling along the back entrances to stores. It was hard for him not to think about what had happened that day, but he knew he was on the right path to become stronger. After opening the double doors correctly this time, he swung around the various department stores and the caf soon came into view. He spotted his friends immediately, Lindsey and Elise were up to their usual antics, making wild hand gestures and acting out what could only be scenes from the worst play ever created. Darren could be seen near them, burying his head in his hands and mouthing what looked like idiots. Jeb suddenly felt a sharp pain in his side. He spun on his heel quickly only to find Kira with a pencil jabbing him in the side repeatedly. 


Sup nerd she looked up from her current activity and gave him a small grin. 


Dont you have anything better to do than sneak up on me and use me as a pincushion? 


Nah. Not really. I finished my only errand to get new underwear, you would not believe what my period did to my last pair. 


God, I really didnt need to know any of that. Not even a little bit. 


She shrugged. You asked. 


You think I would have learned by now. 


They walked together the remaining stretch of mall stores until they were within their friends field of vision. 


JEB!!! the sisters screamed in unison. 


Hey man. Darrens voice, somewhat dampened by the sisters volume followed close behind. 


God its good to see you all. Also Im hungry as fuck so lets go sit down.


The group sat at a small table in the corner of the restaurant and ordered various selections of food from their surprisingly diverse menu. You would not believe the range this menu had, it was so broad that it was almost suspicious. How could one cooking staff be able to create and stock these sort of dishes? Jeb leaned back in his chair and rocked it so it was standing on its back legs and intertwined his hands behind his head. Something about being surrounded by friends and such warmth made him feel so at ease, although it was somewhat bittersweet knowing he wouldnt be able to spend time with them like this for a while. 


Where the hell have you been by the way Darren looked up from inhaling his ramen. Its been at least a week since Ive heard from you and we have like three classes together. None of which you have attended I should add. 


Its just not been my week man. He couldnt possibly even begin to describe the series of events that would be both unbelievable and impossibly hard to explain. He thought about it and decided being vague was 100% the perfect way to go. 


You okay bud? I wont pry but you got us if you need anything.


Yeah, I know. I really appreciate that. He sighed. 


Jeb was struck suddenly in the face by a napkin, almost causing him to lose balance and tip over backwards. 


Pay attention to me. Lindsey had her arm cocked back with another disposable napkin in her fist. 


Jeb shot her a sideways glance. Yeah it is pretty hard to miss you, being that gigantic. Because you are tall. Tall as fuck. 


I see you have chosen your fate then. As she let loose a barrage of napkin bombs in his direction. 


The table erupted into the equivalent of World War IV using napkins. All but one joined in on the festivities. Kiras eyes narrowed and betrayed her smile as she studied Jeb laughing and exchanging napkin bombs with the rest of the group. As the chatter and banter continued the sun outside started to drop behind the horizon and transition to dusk. The group after finishing their meals all stood up and hugged, each walking their separate ways back home. Lindsey and Elsie could still be heard several blocks over as they walked towards the fourth district. Kira, never really one for hugging, said her goodbyes for the evening and hopped on the bus that stopped in front of the mall. 


Looks like youre stuck with me for a few more blocks, Darren chuckled and hopped on the curb walking as if he was on a balance beam. 


Its a dream come true. He sarcastically replied, hopping onto the opposite curb and mimicking Darrens balance beam routine. 


Youve been acting little strange today, everything okay? 


Yeah, I really wish I could tell you everything man, but I just really cant right now. I dont even know whats going on myself.


Darren stopped and looked at Jeb as if studying him for some sort of answer. Okay. You have my support man, just be careful and let me know whats going on eventually. 


Jeb hopped off the curb and turned to face him. I promise bud, one of these days Ill be able to tell you the truth. The only thing I can tell you is that I might not be around for a little while at the end of the week. He put his hand in his pocket and clutched the ring and chain that resided there. 


The two continued to walk down the street until they got to a community park. Calling it a park was definitely a stretch. It basically looked like a giant sandbox, but without the sand, and throw in some metal bars and benches for good measure and you would get something that closely resembled this park.  


Well looks like this is my stop Darren approached the park slowly. I dont know whats going on but take care of yourself, alright? 


You know I will man, Im counting on you to tell the others for me. 


Yeah, yeah. I got it covered your highness Darren made a sarcastic and exaggerated bow. 


Smart ass. Jeb Chuckled. 


In that moment Jeb felt his right thigh experience a searing heat. He had only felt this one other time, several days ago in the mall. DARREN RUN! 


Darren, who had started walking in the direction of his home turned around slowly to look at Jeb. Dude, whats the ma- 


His sentence was cut short after a flash of black flew by him and landed on the metal play structure in the center of the park. Jeb could barely trach the movements with his eyes and spun around to face what he only assumed was a Void Walker. 


Darren you need to leave. 


Darren. He repeated once more.


Darren? Jeb turned slowly to face his friend. The rest seemed to appear in slow motion to him as he locked eyes with one of his best friends. 


Darren stood with a blank look on his face. He slowly looked down to his own chest to see a gaping wound from his left shoulder all the way to his hip. Blood was pouring out, covering the ground in patches as he struggled to stay upright before he lost control of his legs and fell to his knees. He looked up at Jeb one last time and mouthed something before falling onto his back, motionless, with his eyes skyward. His blood began forming a small pool around him. 


No. NO. NONONONO.



Jeb ignored the Void Walker, which was perched on the highest metal bar, cleaning its claws, almost savoring the taste of Darrens blood, and sprinted over to his fallen friends side. Darren was dead. The life had already left his eyes and the wound was much deeper than Jeb had thought. It crushed his internal organs and shredded what was left of them. Jeb looked around at the pool of blood he was now kneeling in. Jeb couldnt accept or believe what had just happened. 


Hey dude, cmon get up.  


Stop messing around jackass. 


Wipe that dumb smile off your face.


He looked down a Darrens face, it almost seemed like he was trying to reassure Jeb, his eyes staring upward and a small grin was locked on his face. His hand, which had been clutching something loosened and fell to the ground. Jeb reached down and uncurled the fingers in his hand to find that small keychain he had always carried, now dyed red with blood, resting in the palm of his hand. Jeb slowly reached down and grabbed it. He squeezed it tightly, the excess blood it had absorbed dripped from in between his knuckles as he stood up. 


Kill. Jeb spoke quietly.


The Void Walker which had been cleaning its claws looked up with its yellow and gray empty eyes. It was slightly smaller than the last encounter he had with one, around 2 meters tall, with dark tattered wings extending from its back several feet behind it. Its claws almost three feet long, were razor sharp with serrated edges. Its head cocked slightly as if to angle the ears it did have not towards the sound Jeb was making. 


I will kill you. His eyes had become sharp, the pupils almost seemed to have a red tinge to them. As he turned to face the creature, he pulled out the ring and chain which was glowing brightly, as if calling out to him. Jebs mind and body were overflowing with a strange feeling, as if something that had been there all along finally rose to the surface. He let it fill his body, causing a small whirlwind to form around him, kicking up dust and leaves. He slipped his finger inside the ring. The next set of events Jeb watched as if he was looking down at his own body, the stream of power almost engulfing him and taking over his movements.
A huge burst of red and gold flames engulfed Jebs body as the ground beneath him cracked and split. The flames that had surrounded his body concentrated on his arms and solidified from his elbow to the tips of his fingers. He spoke the following words as if he had known them his entire life. 


With my power I will send my enemies to lands of the Valkyrie, wrapped in fire, for the sake of my family. Awaken, Odins Gauntlets.


After those words were spoken, the flames that wrapped his arms increased in intensity, before exploding in bright red flash. The resulting shockwave blew the benches and metal structures from the ground which forced the Void Walker to take flight to avoid being blown backwards. The flames now disappeared, to be replaced with bright, gold gauntlets, from his elbows to his fingertips, covered with a intertwining pattern of lines in a pulsing deep crimson. The whirlwind still present, followed Jeb as he took several steps toward the Void Walker hovering in midair. The air was heavy, as if an immense weight had been applied and would have made it very hard for an onlooker to breathe, if there had been one. Jebs iris was now red and his hoodies sleeves blown away with the appearance of the gauntlets. He was overcome with grief and hatred for this monster that had taken away one of his closest friends. 
The Void Walker, now sensing new prey, launched his offensive attack. He disappeared from his previous position of hovering where the metal structures had been and materialized directly behind Jeb with his serrated claws swinging towards his exposed neck. 


Too slow. 


Jeb seemed to disappear as the claws swiped through nothing. The Void Walked unable to make sense of what happened could only look left and right as to find a clue as to where his prey went. 


Like I said. Too slow. 


Jeb had appeared behind the Void Walker and placed his gauntlet on the back of its head, palming it. In a flash he put the creatures head through the concrete with enough force to create a small crater. Keeping its head smashed against the ground, Jeb dragged it with inhuman speed and strength along the ground, leaving a long trail of debris and broken ground. The creature flailed its claws and tried to break free from Jebs grasp. With his other hand he gripped the wings of the creature and ripped them off, causing a small fountain of the creatures oily blood to erupt from its back. The creature screamed and writhed in pain, and was then thrown forcefully into a nearby wall. 


The creature emerged from the rubble and was badly injured, using the last of its strength, it ran full speed away from him and towards the outskirts of the forbidden zone. It was gone in a flash, re appearing in bursts ever 50 yards or so. As it got closer to the street leading to the outskirts, Jeb took several steps toward the fleeing Void Walker.


By my fist, your existence shall be no more. Jeb spoke the words, his voice steel. He pointed his right palm which has been glowing, as if charging power as he spoke, at the running creature. A stream of red and gold flames exploded out of his palm and flowed down the entire street, extending 400 feet long and 50 feet high. The creature looked backwards only to be instantly disintegrated, as well as anything in the realm of the crimson and gold flames. The gauntlets, now seemingly out of juice, shattered brightly into gold dust and returned to its original form of the ring and the chain to rest around his neck. Jeb, feeling as if all the life force in his body had been drained, collapsed to the ground squeezing the keychain tightly as his vision slowly faded to black. 


Chapter 7  Recruit



Jeb woke as if he was covered in heavy chains. His movements seemed exaggerated and his response seemed slow, almost like his limbs were underwater. His vision adjusted and the ceiling of what he assumed a large cargo plane would look like came into focus. Soon to be followed by the noise one would imagine came from a large cargo plane bay. 

I have fallen unconscious way too many times this week. Was the first immediate thought that popped into his brain. 


Also, where the fuck am I? 


As Jebs brain was finally getting up to speed, unfortunately the immediate memories before he went unconscious came flying in too. He felt the familiar weight of the ring and chain around his neck. He looked down to see the key chain still clutched in his hand and knew all too well what had happened was real. Hes gone. I couldnt save him. Its all my fault. 

He began fighting the waves of grief that slammed into his mental state like the harsh waves on the side of a cliff during a storm. Eventually he could hold out no more and turned on his side, sobbing heavily, clutching the stained key chain close to his chest. 

Get up. A voice came from above him. 



Jeb remained still, trying to figure out what was happening, while wiping the tears that were obscuring his vision. 


I said get up. This command was followed swiftly by a kick to the side of his body.


Jeb still unsure of his location and current predicament stirred slowly, trying to get a better look at the hooded figure that had just kicked him. 


Fuck off. He replied, acting tough.


Oh my god, I reallllly dont have time for this. We hit the DZ in 8 minutes. And with that, the figure lifted Jeb clean off the ground and shoved him into the side of the cargo plane. The hood dropped and revealed the figure to be Rae. 


Rae, what the hell. Get your hands off me, I want to go home. 


Tough luck, we are almost to the HoV Forward Command. Im going to need you to collect your balls, put them back in your body, put this parachute on, and leap out of this plane in- , she checked her watch, 7 minutes and 23 seconds. 


Im not doing this anymore. I couldnt stop anything. I couldnt save anyone. Now turn this shit around or whatever it is you do and get me the hell back to my fucking apartment. 
Listen, she checked her watch again, In 6 minutes and 48 seconds you are going to drag your happy ass out of this plane and into the air or I will do it for you. Happily, I might add. Rae stared back with the eyes that he saw when taking on the first Void Walker In that bank. 
Yeah? Well where were you when I had to watch my friend get murdered? Where were you when I transformed into something I had no idea I was capable of? Where were-- Jebs last question was never completed as Raes fist connected solidly with the right side of his jaw, he immediately saw spots and fell to his knees. 


As the spots and stars faded, his anger spiked and he prepared to get up and start swinging. That was, until he looked at Raes body. Her clothes were tattered and torn, her pale white skin spattered with blood and wrapped in bandages. A large gash in her side remained open and would leak, blood drops now collecting in volume on the floor of the cargo bay. The hood concealing bruises and cuts that peppered her face. But her eyes, remained fierce and strong as he had ever seen them. Looking down at him, almost with a twinge of sadness played across her face. 


You think you are the only one who has lost people? That I wouldnt have given my life so you didnt have to experience that? We are Divine gift users Jeb. They find us even when we would rather run and hide. You will have your time to grieve. If you want to do anything, dont let him have died in vain. Protect the others for him. DO SOMETHING ABOUT IT JEB, she pulled him up and slammed him against the cargo plane once more. Every one of the HoV has had things stripped away from them. You are not alone. I was ambushed by 3 Leechers and a class II Jaeger. By the time I had killed them, I got to you too late, and I have to live with that. Not you.  


Rae flipped Jeb around so his face was resting against the cold metal wall of the cargo bay and started strapping something to his back. 


Jeb was quiet for what seemed like an eternity. Okay. Im going to get stronger. For my friends sake. I still have so many questions. 


Answers you seek seem directly beneath us, as she dragged him by the harness she had fastened around his body during his internal struggle and positioned him on the far side of the cargo bay. 


Beneath us?.....huh, he started to wonder what sort of philosophical response that was and what she meant, staring at the cargo bay floor as if it contained some secret information. This quest for information was comically short as the door on the wall he was standing next to blew open and ice cold winds filled the bay. He looked up to see Rae strapped in a similar harness with a slight smile on her face. 


Ive never done this before! Raes barely audible voice fought for dominance over the insane noise.


What?! Done what? Jeb now worried that something was seriously wrong, as he screamed and strained back over the loud winds that had taken residence inside the plane. 


Kick somebody out of a plane!! Was what Jeb thought he had heard as Rae took one step forward, gave the biggest smile he had seen her make, and placed her boot squarely and firmly on his chest before quite literally kicking him out the open door of the plane. 


Jeb screamed, well he thought he did, he couldnt hear anything but the intense sound of wind ripping past his body as he tumbled head over heels out of the plane and let gravity start dragging him in the direction of the ground. Through his feet during his countless and very violent rotations, he could see Rae gracefully soar through the air, and what seemed like pointing and laughing at him as he tumbled towards his doom, of course Jeb thought this might have been his imagination because she also appeared to be wearing a red outfit holding a pitchfork during that particular instance. He fought to regain control over his descent and shot all four limbs out explosively, like a giant starfish, in order to stop his rotation and catch more wind to slow down. Thank god for these super human reflexes was the current thought as he started to stabilize and assume what he imagined was the proper skydiving technique that he saw on various extreme sport shows. He felt for anything that could indicate a pull cord for a parachute along the chest of his harness. I swear to god if she didnt strap a parachute to this Im going to be a hella pissed off ghost. His fingers found something the felt like a cord. With the ground rapidly coming into view, he pulled swiftly on the cord. 


A parachute erupted from the back of the harness and quickly caught the wind, expanding rapidly until Jeb jerked backwards and pulled to an upright position, now dangling from the bottom of his parachute. He looked up, down, left, and right in an attempt to get his bearings. He saw Rae below him about 50 or 60 feet and to the right of him, gracefully floating down to earth. They continued to descend slowly, and approached the ground. He saw Rae make contact with the grass and release her harness, performing what looked like a flawless landing. 
Jeb now readied himself for his own landing attempt. Unfortunately he never watched the extreme sports show long enough to see the landing or technique, but he really wanted to stick it to Rae since she was the reason he nearly became a pancake on the cold, unforgiving ground. His feet slowly started to touch the ground, but he was going much faster than he thought and planted his feet without noticing the force that continued to follow. He gracefully became enveloped in his limp parachute and slammed into the ground, fighting to break free from his rig. He could hear Rae laughing several feet away and quickly got to his knees and removed the piece of the chute covering his eyes. He finally got rid of the obstruction from his vision and was staring face to face at a set of boots he did not recognize. He slowly followed them skyward, noticing black combat fatigues until he met eyes with a tall, rugged looking man with a long scar tracing from his left eyes, across the nose, and ending a his cheek. 


So this is the new Recruit huh? The rugged voice boomed across the field they had landed in. The mysterious man pulled out a small nightstick looking object and jabbed it into his chest, delivering a very large amount of volts through Jebs very own central nervous system. 
I wonder what fun place I will wake up in now, I really hope its FunLand, please god let it be FunLand, and with that, he fell unconscious for what seemed like the 10th time this week. 
