It was the end of the world. No one cared. People went on, just like it was a normal day. You always see those movies. The world was going to end, and everyone panicked. Except, no one was panicking. It was daily life as usual. I went to work, and then we went out to eat. 
	Its here at dinner that I reflect on this fact. The world was going to end tonight. That was it. No more seeing each other, no more living. We would cease to exist, and yet we chose to go about our lives, as if to say screw you. No one knew just why the world was ending though.
	We just knew. It was a feeling. I had a beer, and it was a tall glass. I normally dont drink on a Tuesday, but, hell this was the end of the world. I guess I was going to do something that was different from my routine. I hated beer though. Normally I would get a Jack and Coke if I were going to drink.
	We ordered our buffalo wings, fries, and onion rings. It was Tuesday tradition, but hell, what does tradition mean if its our last night on Earth. I saw the faces I had grown to know, and realized I loved them. We wouldnt see each other ever again. The people ate together, and laughed and cried. Remembering old times and making one last memory.
	It was the last night on Earth, and no one wanted to discuss it. No one wanted to say anything about it. Some took solace in the fact that they had an afterlife. Some werent sure. Some denied there was one. If there was ever a point in my life that I wanted there to be an afterlife, it was now.
	I took another sip of my beer, it went down smooth and crisp. If today wasn't the last day of the world, I probably would have taken up drinking beer. It is though. I continued to think on the last night. This was it. We all feared death, but this was all we could do? It was inevitable, I mean the end of the world. This posed the question, why did we think it would be a zombie apocalypse, or a nuclear war?
	I mean this is it, the real end of the world. I saw pretty women. If this were any other night they wouldnt give me another look. However some were. Yet we were all acting normal. This is wrong. People would panic, maybe a survival mode would kick in, but it hadnt. Maybe it will later tonight, just before the end. I doubt it though.
	Its like that saying, Red sky at night, sailor takes delight. Red sky at morning, sailor take warning.  This morning was our red sky, and no one took warning. Im sure someone, somewhere in the various world government tried to stop the end. Who knows, maybe they did. The TVs were playing religious people praying in their respective holy places. No one was running though. 
	No running, no looting, no rioting. It was as if, we all knew it wouldnt matter. We were all going to die at 12:01 am. No use in trying to escape, it wasnt a plague. Well it was, but not one you could run from. There was no cure. It wasnt like it was going to be a nuclear blast and you could outrun it, be out of the blast and radiation zone. It was a disease, and we were all infected. They said something about nanobots in our blood. I dont know if I believe them. 
	Some say the aliens, did it, some say terrorists, who set the date, blew the machine up and then got caught. All I know is, were all really dead. Some think, its just that we are all on our own world, and that our individual worlds are ending. Im not sure if I believe this. No one really knows why, just that were dead.
	We finish our meal, and telling stories. We get up and pay for our bill. We paid for our last meal. I mean, the worlds ending and we still act like civilized people? We make our way to the parking lot, where I thought for sure, one of us would break down and start it. No one did. We all smiled and laughed and got into our respective cars.
	I start the engine up to my car and the radio is on. I stopped listening to music years ago, mostly because it gave me a headache. Talk radio is nice and calm. The radio talked about how they launched drones with infrared. I think they used it to take thermal images. In places that had hit 12:01 am in their time. Nothing. No heat. They were dead. They sent drones, because some rich man had tried to escape to there after 12:01 am had hit. He died as soon as his plane crossed the line. Theres no escaping it. Were all going to die. tonights our time. 
	I pulled into my spot and got out. My creepy neighbor was out on the porch for our apartment. He exchanged words, and it was the usual trying to get me to join him for a beer. I went inside and watched two hours of television I usually watched on Tuesday.
	After that I took a shower, and got ready for bed. I got into bed around 10:00 pm.  I laid there for a bit, thinking about death. About my life. Did I live it well? I mean, thats a legitimate thing. Did I live a life I was proud of? Did I play my music way too loud? Did I work as hard as I could? I tried to find a wife, but no luck. I mean my parents were married young, I suppose they thought we were supposed to be too. Life doesnt work how you plan it I guess.
	I was drifting, so I did something I had never done before. I grabbed my phone and sent a mass text out that read one word. I didnt care for response. I sent it out to every number I had.
	Goodnight.
