###Our Heroes

"...that's him?" asked Ren with a tilted mouth. His tone alone conveyed the sheer disappointment that spouted from finally seeing his jumpy younger sister's life-long idol; a man who now shook with fear as he bumbled around the dusty town, hitting into stalls and apologising profusely.

"Yes! Im sure" an excited Milo replied as she began in a sprint. The sand kicked up as she skipped towards the man.

"Denir! Mr. Denir!" Miko called while Ren followed slowly behind him. By the time they he reached them, Miko had already began unleashing a barrage of questions at the poor man. Denir's expression was rapidly becoming rapidly more desperate as he tried to calm the small creature.

"So, you're the newest hero, are you?" began Ren sarcastically.

"I supposed I am" laughed Denir, too troubled to recognise the unimpressed aura that ebbed from the young man opposite him.

You seem less, confident than the others

Didnt help them! Miko piped up in defence.

Denir laughed again. Just a bit anxious is all. Still trying to gather my bearings. Not all that ready to leave by tomorrow

We can help! Cant we, Ren? Miko yelled again, her short black hair hopping as she herself did.

Ren gave a begrudging sigh but was immediately met with a scowl from his sister. He knew she would never forgive him if he turned the man away.

I couldnt possibly began Denir.

No, we insist Ren interrupted, trying his best to feign sincerity

They spent a good portion of that afternoon helping the stranger around town; showing him to the local blacksmith and tailor before retiring to their small home with bags full of food.

Ren was not happy with the turn of events that had lead them to having an unwanted guest but he could not help but smile whenever he saw the joy his sisters eyes. It was such a rare occurrence as of late.

The home he had been raised in never let a traveller go hungry and Ren upheld these values to their fullest now that he owned it. A great bounty of various dishes littered the table, far more than the two siblings would consume on any other day.

The three ate their fill and laughed merrily. The two eldest at the table turned to drink as the time grew late.

So, where are your parents? began Denir Not that you dont make a fine host, my friend. Im just curious, since youre so young

Why so interested, old man? Ren laughed since Denir clearly only had a few years on him.

They were killed by the man in the tower Miko said quietly.

Oh Im sorry to hear that... said Denir. His sunken head and solemn tone were outfits he wore often. Dealing with people who had suffered great losses was an common occurrence in his line of work. Well then, when I strike him down I will be sure to give him your regards! Denir cheered as he took another swig of red wine. He finished the goblet, chug after chug as sweat dripped down his temple. When the cup was finally put down, it revealed a face that was all but in tears. Ren took this opportunity to put Miko to sleep.

After ushering the reluctant girl to her room Ren returned to their guest. So, you seem upset. Want to talk about it

Now that Miko was not present, the man allowed his guard to fall for the first time. Im afraid. This never gets any easier. Defeating evil is what I do but I know that every time I go out seeking justice might be the time I find death instead...

Ren had no words of comfort; he merely patted him on the back before also retreating to bed, himself.

The morning came and saw Ren awake early before moving to the kitchen. His night had been plagued with thoughts of Denir being torn asunder just as his parents had been when he was a child.

He made a lunch for Denir and met the man just beyond the grounds of the property. In the distance sat the tower; a monstrosity of a creation that loomed over the village. At its base stood a forest which still held tightly to its darkness, despite the will of the burning sun.

Well, Ill be off began Denir as he waved goodbye to his two new acquaintances. He began to leave as Ren stopped him.

Why are you doing this? he began. The man in the tower has slain all those whove stood against him, and thats assuming you even make it past the thralls of creatures that infest the woods below his shadow. Arent you worried?!

Of course I am! retorted Denir, upset that he was having to break Mikos picture-perfect idea of him. But if men like that are allowed free roam in this world then what does that say to men like me?

Youll die! began Ren once more, unwilling to lose his new friend.

He will not! Miko chimed. Hell beat all of them, wont you? Youve beaten so many stronger than him!

Youre just some guy! Ren continued, ignoring his sister. How can you battle for a cause that has nothing to do with you? How can you fight when youre this afraid? How can you possibly be a hero!?

Denir simply put his hand on the boys shoulder. He gave a reassuring nod and turned around, walking into the haze of summers morning.

"Thats how" said Miko.