//Note to reader : This was supposed to be a narrative, like 'Interview with a vampire', where someone from 2026 describes what its like to someone from 2016. Its supposed to be a slightly humorous, slightly dark look at things. Im not very good at setting up narrative with things like He said 'blah blah blah', then She replied 'blah blah blah', so I did it this way instead.

2026 

The apocalypse is already here, its just not evenly distributed. The future is just todays events with higher contrast.

Kids are taught about environmental concerns, and it will be controversial, like evolution is now, with a range of deniers and supporters shouting. Things like 'access to clean water' and 'no more elephants left' will bring attention to the issues, but nothing will get done, we will just 'care more about it'.

Politics is even more acidic, and nothing can move forward. Every one is easily offended to the point of absurdity. Example : if you arent offended by your party being offended, thats offensive.

A movement against eating meat from animals will be starting to gain real traction. Synthetic meat is a viable alternative, but expensive. You might have meat once a week.

Monsanto will still exist, and if Hitler was somehow resurrected, they'd bid on the contract for Zyklon B. The public is too apathetic, or too  distracted, or too dumbed down to care. Some big tittied bimbo (so, a guy) is winning a grammy or some shit, and 70 million people watch, then take to FaceTwit to discuss it, consuming more man-hours discussing it than the man-hours required to build the great pyramid. The last wild Lion is shot and killed by a dentist.

Kanye West develops Alzheimers, and no one notices. His wife resumes her porn career. You can download the virtual experience on your occultist rift, but its better to just pirate it off a server located on the moon. Its really, really bad. The hardcore porn aficionados leave an open can of tuna behind a fan lightly blowing in their face for added realism.

[Elon Musk assumes his true form.](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Nth_Degree_(Star_Trek:_The_Next_Generation))

Augmented people are common. Drone attachments, wifi ports, embedded RFID chips, wearables, all common. [Not quite cyborgs, but getting there](http://media4.s-nbcnews.com/j/newscms/2016_08/1428791/zuck_barcelona_90664fa4af37ce6172a32a7558ffe294.nbcnews-ux-2880-1000.jpg)

The Hyglonda C virus scares the shit out of people. No, that's literally what the virus does. You die from shitting yourself while feeling scared. The viral videos make it on to The Today Show with John Oliver who now only wears a pink tutu since his breakdown. It starts in Southern Mexico and spreads via mosquito. Reports are now that its in Texas... and Chicago?

Robots are here, working in factories, and its not uncommon to see them walking down the street in big cities. Theyre as smart as a good dog is today. Once out of the lab, there are tinkerers that have taken them to scary levels of ability. There are even some that have figured out how to make the robots service and improve other robots. There are rumors...

You barely work. You have no friends, as theyre all distracted with their own shit, just like you. You spend your day slightly distracted, slightly amused. Youre in decent shape, but for no other purpose than to be in decent shape. You make just under $15,000 per month, so thats just under $4,000 after general taxes / social sec / obamacare / welfaretax / churchtax / campaigntax. You live near an airport, so occasionally you see one of the 650 $730 Billion dollar (each) bomber that your taxes paid for. Its cool though, because it wont be obsolete for 20 years, plus it can go into space! You struggle to make ends meet, as youre upper lower class, just like 97.8% of America.

A revolution is underway, but practically no one knows it, certainly no one in power does, and soon it will turn violent, but will only need to be violent for a very, very short while, and in a way that humans have never experienced. It will be the strangest conflict humanity ever has, and there isnt even a word for it yet. The closest term I can think of thats available today is 'limitless spontaneous uberviolence'. Whole streets will suddenly be filled with human gore, as if out of nowhere, with no chance to defend or retaliate or engage, and no survivors or even living witnesses to the event. No sirens and no panicked cell phone calls, just suddenly, efficient and quick death for entire city blocks. But thats a story for the next 10 years.


