Game Boy

Garth had been playing computer games all his life. He had practically been raised with a joystick in his hands. It hadnt been easy working his way through every single games console that had ever existed, but hed done it. He had the Segas, the Nintendos, the Sonys. Garth had all of them, his life revolved around games. He didnt have a job. He didnt have a girlfriend. He didnt have any friends at all. Garth had games.

He could play games for days on end. Once Garth started a game he could not stop until it was completed. Then he would play the game against other people online and would not stop until he had got the highest score. Garth did not just love to play games; he loved to be the best at games. Sure, he was overweight, pale and spotty. Sure, he had to wear glasses because years of squinting at the television had caused irreparable damage to his retina. And yes, he had long greasy hair and a patchy neckbeard. He had no friends, no job, and no life. But, in the game he was king.

So what if youve got a hot girlfriend? Garth got all the love he needed from Miss Pac-man. So what if youve got lots of friends? Garth has two very good friends named Mario and Luigi. And, so what if you could kick his ass? Garth would blow your brains out on Grand Theft Auto. Garth had had friends and a family once but they had all given up on him. They just couldnt take his gaming seriously.

Why dont you go out and find yourself a nice girlfriend? his mother pleaded.

You are such a loser! his sister constantly reminded him.

Youre never going to amount to anything if you sit playing games all day! his father warned.  But Garth was determined to prove them all wrong; he was going to become the best gamer in the world.

One day, as Garth was just deciding which game he should begin playing next, he heard a knock at the door. He looked around startled. Nobody had knocked at his door in a while except to deliver food and he was pretty sure he hadnt ordered any pizza yet. When he heard the knock a second time he realised he was going to have to go and see who it was. Letting out a groan as he rose from his Lazy-boy, Garth made his way past empty pizza boxes and beer cans. He kicked away the letters which had piled up and opened the door. Looking back at him was a tall handsome man with slick dark hair. His face wrinkled around his wide and perfect smile. He was wearing a red open-collar shirt beneath a grey pinstripe suit. There were three other men stood behind him. One of the men held a video camera, the other one held a microphone and the other one just stood there.

Hello Garth! the man said enthusiastically.

Um, hello, Garth replied, almost making the word sound like a question.

Hello Garth! My name is Chett Benson and Im from the International Gaming Union. It is with great honour that I present to you the award for World Gaming Champion! said the man as his smile grew even wider, forcing his face to look even more wrinkled.

What? Garth asked, looking perplexed.

You are the first ever World Gaming Champion!

Eh?

Im sure this is all coming as a big shock to you, but over at the International Gaming Union we have been following your career for some time now and we are huge fans of the work that you do.

My career? Garth asked still unable to comprehend what was happening.

Thats right! Chett declared then turned to one of the men behind him. Give him the trophy! he whispered with a nudge of his elbow. The man who had been just standing there reached into his pocket and pulled out a Pac-man shaped trophy. He handed it to Garth. As Garth was studying the trophy Chett leaned in and put his arm around him. There were several camera flashes. Chett smiled professionally into the camera lens while Garth studied the trophy.

What does all this mean? Garth asked.

Well, first weve got a press conference to give and then we will tell you all about it. If youd like to come with us?  said Chett, as he guided Garth out of his flat and down the corridor.

But what about  where are we going?

Dont you worry about that. We got everything covered, Chett assured him.

Garth was bundled into a limo and a glass of champagne was shoved in his hand. He sat there uncomfortably as the rest piled in. He wished they had given him chance to get changed, he was wearing a food stained Sonic the Hedgehog T-shirt, combat shorts and sandals (with socks of course). Needless to say, Garth felt more than a little out of place. I should have grabbed my fedora, he thought. Chett landed in the seat next to him with a glass of champagne in his hand. Chett took a big gulp and so Garth did the same.

So, where are we going? Whats this all about? Garth asked.

Well, youve finally done it Garth. Youve hit the big time. Weve been looking for someone like you; someone who understands what gaming is about and also someone who can be our spokesman. And, that man is you! Chett said as he patted Garth on the back.

Spokesman? Garth enquired.

Yeah, were gonna offer you a great deal! Not to mention all the sponsorship deals that are gonna come rolling in. Youre gonna be a star, baby! A star!

Oh. Right, Garth was unconvinced.

Eventually the limo pulled up outside a huge skyscraper in the centre of London. There was a sign outside with giant chrome letters: IGU. Chett climbed out of the limo first and held the door open for Garth. Garth clambered out and tried to stretch his stained tshirt over his protruding belly. His eyes squinted, not used to the natural light of outdoors.

Whats IGU? Garth asked.

The International Gaming Union. The rest of your life starts now Garth. Lets go!

Chett began walking towards the buildings entrance and Garth followed. They entered the building into a lavish reception area with marble floors and high ceilings. There was a wide oak reception desk with a pretty brunette girl sat behind it.

Afternoon, Grace! Chett winked at her as they walked past.

Good afternoon, Mr Benson! Is this him? she asked, looking at Garth.

It certainly is! Chett replied as they strode past.

Im a huge fan, Garth! the girl called to him as they headed down a corridor.

Chett pushed open a set of double doors to reveal a bustling crowd of journalists. All of them had some kind of camera or microphone in hand and they seemed to be going berserk at whoever was at the other side of the room. Silence fell upon them as Garth entered the room. Then a moment later mayhem resumed, only now their attention was directed towards Garth. They all wrestled and fought to get close to him, shoving microphones and cameras in his face. Chett shielded Garth from the worst of it as he guided him to the front of the room. There was a raised platform with a table. At the table sat three men who Garth had never seen before. Garth climbed up on the platform and each of the three men stood to shake his hand. As he shook each hand a blinding sequence of camera flashes erupted from the journalists. When he had finished shaking each of the hands silence fell upon the room, the other men sat so Garth did too. He wasnt sure what he was supposed to do now. He looked around the room. Most of the journalists were waving their hands in the air trying to catch Garths attention. Garth looked at one of them and the journalist immediately began talking.

How does it feel to be the World Gaming Champion? the man yelped. Garth paused and looked around. He had no idea what to say. The men sat next to him and all the reporters just looked at him and waited. Garth looked over at Chett who was at the edge of the room. Chett gave Garth a big thumbs up with his trademark grin. Garth looked back towards the journalists.

Um, its a real honour, Garth replied unconvincingly.

What are your plans for the future now that youre champion? another reported yelled at him.

I really have no idea.

What is it that separates you from the rest of the gamers out there?

I really have no idea.

What inspired you to become the World Gaming Champion?

I just really love games. And the questions went on and on. Garth was just beginning to get annoyed when Chett appeared on stage.

Ok, I think thats enough questions for the time being. Thank you very much guys and we will see you all soon. Chett called over the rowdy journalists who slowly began filing out of the room.

So, what now? Garth asked.

Well, we know its been a long day so why dont we get you some rest and well be in touch soon, said Chett as he shook Garths hand.

The limo dropped Garth at The Dorchester hotel where he was shown to the luxurious Oliver Messel Suite. Garth rooted through his pockets for a tip but the bell boy solemnly shook his head and held up a hand. No need, youre covered. Alone in the room, Garth looked around in absolute shock. He had never seen a room so lavish. The room was dominated by an enormous black bed. The cream walls and hardwood flooring were arrayed with a sleek assortment of modern furnishings. Garth wondered through the room trying to take it all in. He stroked a finger along the smooth dark surface of the coffee table and kicked back in comfort in the leather chaise longue. There were elaborate lamps and precious ornaments placed at every opportunity and an imposing flat screen television hung above an LCD fireplace. The bathroom was a glimmering spectacle of white marble and the bathtub could easily have fit six people in it. At the back of the room there was even a small office which looked out over Hyde Park.

Garth wandered over to the huge bed in the centre of the room and flopped onto the black silk sheets and reflected on what had just happened to him over the last few hours. He pulled the World Gaming Championship trophy out of his pocket and studied it. He smiled. It was about time he got some recognition. He knew it wasnt much, just a small trophy, but it was a start. Maybe now people would begin to take him more seriously. Garth put the trophy back in his pocket and wandered what he would do now; he wasnt used to life without a games console. He decided to take a bath but felt uncomfortable being in such a big tub and the complimentary shampoo smelt funny. Garth tried to order room service but he had never liked the sound of caviar and had no clue what canaps were. So he settled for some television and eventually fell asleep on the chaise longue and dreamt of his games.

The following morning Garth awoke to the telephone ringing. He was curled up on the chaise longue with his face stuck to the leather and a string of drool hanging from his mouth and the TV was still on. He looked around for the phone. It was on the other side of the room. He fell to the floor and then was up again dashing to other side of the room, knocking an elaborate floor lamp over as he went.

Uh, Hello? he said into the receiver still sounding half-asleep.

Hello, how are you? Congratulations son! said an excited male voice.

Whos this? asked Garth, feeling a little confused.

Its your Dad! I was just ringing to congratulate you.

Congratulate me?

Yes, on becoming champion. I know I always told you that you would never amount to anything but I just wanted to say that Im sorry, I was wrong. His dad said with sincerity. Garth felt the trophy in his pocket.

How did you hear about that? How did you even get this number? Garth asked, even more confused.

What? Havent you seen? Youre all over the news Garth! We called your flat and a man named 

Chett answered.  Garth picked up the TV remote and started pressing buttons until he found BBC News.

Um, I gotta go! he said as he slammed down the receiver.

Garth looked at the TV gobsmacked. All he saw was the picture of him holding the Pac-man trophy and Chett with his arm around him, that plastic smile stuck to his face. Garth sat down in shock. Then the phone began ringing again. He was too shocked to answer it. When it rang the second time he got up and walked over to the phone.

Hello?

Hello, is this Garth? asked a male with a Japanese accent.

Um, yes

Garth, first I would like to congratulate you on becoming World Gaming Champion. It is a great honour to speak to you. My name is Shigeru Miyamoto and I am the Senior Magaing Director for Nintendo. I would very much like to fly you to our offices in Japan and discuss a very lucrative business proposition, Mr Garth.

Japan? What proposition? Garth barely believed his ears.

We would like you to become the new spokesperson for Nintendo and are willing to offer you a six-figure contract. Garths heart skipped a beat.

Yeah sure that sounds great! he replied a little too enthusiastically, unable to control his excitement at the number of games he could buy with that kind of money.



Over the next month Garths life changed dramatically. First, Chett persuaded him to buy a mansion because it was good for his image. Garth was reluctant at first but was swayed when Chett agreed to let him keep his flat in case he ever got homesick. Garth liked the mansion, it looked impressive, but it was so big. Garth had to walk from one end of the mansion to the other just to get a snack and half the rooms remained empty because Garth couldnt decide what to put in them. He had already taken up three rooms with gaming merchandise. Chett also wanted Garth to get in shape. So every other day Garth had to go through a gruelling two hour workout and was placed on a strict sunbed regime. He did begin to lose weight and look a lot healthier but Garth had been perfectly happy with the way he looked before. Sure he could have stood to lose a few pounds but he didnt care about that. As long as he could play his games he was happy. But, Chett insisted that it was all about image.

After he was crowned champion Garths face was plastered all over the news nearly every day. And journalists were constantly loitering outside his flat. They all wanted to interview him and they were all offering money. He did agree to some interviews for Gamer and Play magazines but after an eye-opening interview for The Daily Star, which opened with questions about his sex-life and relationship with his family, he decided that not all journalists were interested in his gaming career.
Garth soon started appearing on all the big talk-shows and was being interviewed by the likes of Jonathan Ross and Jay Leno. The Jonathan Ross interview had been fun; Garth had got to talk about being champion and his love for games and even had an interesting conversation about Street Fighter with Michael Caine backstage. Garth thought the interview went well, but Chett wasnt happy, so after that all his interviews were scripted.

Then the movie deals started rolling in. At first they were just small cameo parts but eventually they wanted him as the starring role. He was even approached about playing himself in his own biopic. Garth wasnt interested in making movies though. But Chett was. He was always bursting into the mansion and pitching one film idea after another.

Ok, Garth Youre gonna love this one, I guarantee it! Chett would say as Garth did his best to ignore him and focus on whatever game he was playing, picture this: You, Paris Hilton and Steven Seagal. Boom! Its called The Gamer Kid. Pretty cool, right?

Whats it about? Garth asked.

Its basically The Karate Kid but with computer games.

No.

It will be good for your image!

Although Garth did not exactly think himself suited to the celebrity life, it wasnt all bad. One night at the premier of some movie he had forgotten the name of; Garth stepped out of the limo onto the red carpet and was stunned by an endless strobe of flash photography. As he stumbled past the screaming fans he bumped into Keira Knightly and she told him what a huge fan she was and smiled at him with a strange intensity. He was so stunned all he could do was a give her a goofy smile and tip his pinstripe fedora. That night he mingled with A-list celebrities and media moguls. They all told him what huge fans they were and flashed him big Hollywood smiles of whitened teeth. He drank champagne with billionaires and snorted cocaine with super models. Everybody was his best friend. At the end of the night, as he stumbled into his limo, Keira Knightly dashed over and slipped her phone number into Garths pocket. Call me, she whispered into his ear before strutting away.

I shall do just that, mlady he drunkenly said to himself as the limo pulled away.

Although Garth couldnt deny that he enjoyed times like this and some of the other benefits of being a celebrity, in the end they always seemed to leave him feeling quite empty inside. There was something fake and forced about the whole thing.

But one thing Garth did love about his new found status was the respect he was now getting as a gamer.  He was finally getting the recognition he deserved. He was no longer just some chump who sat in his room playing games all day. He was no longer a loser, a social outcast wasting his life away. He was the World Gaming Champion and everybody knew it. It was everything he had ever wanted. But, as with all good things, it had to come to an end.

The call came just as Garth was in a limo on his way to do an interview with Philip Schofield for ITVs This Morning. He pulled his new mobile phone out of his blazer pocket.

Hello, this is The Champ, he answered, exactly the way Chett had told him to.

Garth, theres a shit storm coming our way, it was Chett.

Whats up, Chett?

Just switch on the news.

Garth picked up the remote off the arm-rest and switched on the HD flat-screen. It was the same picture of him and Chett stood with the Pac-man trophy. The headline underneath read GARTH CHEATS. Garth turned pale as the female news reporter began to explain.

The World Gaming Champion known only as Garth has been revealed as a gaming cheat today. Records of his gaming achievements have been leaked to the press and here at BBC news we can confirm that in 1993 Garth used cheat codes in order to complete Sonic the Hedgehog on the Sega Mega Drive. There is also suggestion that he used cheat codes with even more recent games like Rockstars Grand Theft Auto V and that he exploited glitches on several Bethesda games including Skyrim and Fallout 4. The use of cheat codes is strictly prohibited by the International Gaming Union and there is speculation that Garth may be forced to give up his title as World Gaming Champion. Garth is said to be unable to comment on the situation at this time but BBC news were able to speak to Chett Benson who is Garths manager and a representative of the International Gaming Union.
A shaky image came on screen of Chett hurrying down the street trying to avoid directly looking at the camera I just want to make it clear that the International Gaming Union does not support cheaters! A full investigation will be carried out and the appropriate action will be taken. I have no further comments, said Chett as he palmed the television camera away.

Garth turned off the television. He sat in shock, instinctively his hand went to his pocket and felt the Pacman trophy which never left his person. As the phone-calls came pouring in Garth wondered how he was going to deal with this mess. He refrained from talking to reporters until he knew what he was going to say. He just sat there staring at the trophy contemplating his options.

Take me to IGU! he called to the limo driver.



Garth stepped out of the limo to a mob of journalists who smarmed him instantly.

How could you, Garth?

What other games have you cheated on, Garth?

Were you on cocaine, Garth?

Garth was stuck, he tried to push his way past them but they had him pinned against the limo. He opened his mouth to try to answer a question but as soon as he did another more ridiculous question was thrown at him. He covered his face with his hands and wanted to cry. Suddenly a hand gripped his wrist and began dragging him through the crowd. He opened his eyes and saw it was Chett. Garth felt a wave of relief wash over him. Chett will fix it. This is Chetts specialty. Up until now Garth had found Chett kind of annoying and even resented him for trying to control so many aspects of his life. But in that moment as Chett was dragging him through the crowd of rabid journalists, Garth realizsed that he needed a man like Chett if he was going to remain champion.

Inside the IGU building Garth was taken to a small windowless back office and told to sit down. Inside were the three men who had been on the stage with him when he made his first speech here at IGU. Garth had been too overwhelmed to really take in their appearance before but now he saw they were stout, old men with balding heads and glasses. All three looked to be the same size and shape, like three huge eggs, but had distinctly different faces.  One had a big nose and droopy eyes with a red drinkers complexion, the other had snow white mutton shops and a fixed angry stare and the one on the far left had squinty eyes and pallid skin.  Garth looked at each one of them in turn. They remained silent. Garth was about to say something when Chett entered the room. He looked from the three men to Garth and then back to three men. The man with squinty eyes nodded. Chett walked over to Garth.

Chett, look I dont know wha

Chett slapped Garth hard across the face.

Shut your goddamn mouth. You little weasel, do you realize what kind of a cluster-fuck youve caused. This is a PR nightmare. You are the first International Gaming Champion to be crowned and you have brought the whole thing into disgrace. This company is going to lose millions because of you. Not to mention all your sponsors. Good luck explaining this to Nintendo. They are going to literally rip your balls off!

Im sorry, I didnt know! I only used the cheats after I had already completed the games. I didnt think it would matter. I was just goofing around! If I can explain to people

Stop. You cant do anything Garth. Dont you get it? Youre done. Its finished. Now youre going to go out there and grovel your ass off to those goddamn reporters. You are going to categorically assure them that IGU had no idea about your sordid little past. Then you are going to step-down as champion and retire from gaming. For ever. Understand?

Retire from gaming? But gaming is my life! You mean I cant even just play games at home, like before?

Thats right dip-shit. If we find out that you have so much as farted on a game console you will have so many lawsuits coming out your ass that you wont be able to pick up a Gameboy without shitting your pants. And if you think you can pull any tricks Garth, we will find out. Believe me. You do not want to fuck with us.

Garth looked up at Chetts angry face. He looked to the three unsmiling faces of the round, silent men. Garth just lowered his head and tried not to cry.

Garth slowly walked to the stage where he had given his first press conference only this time he was standing up there alone. Chett was standing at a door near the back of the room watching to make sure he went through with it. The journalists were here but this time they were rabid, seeming to delight in his downfall. The only thing holding them back was a line of beefy security guards. Garth would not have thought security guards would be necessary but after seeing the journalists he was glad they were there. Garth cleared his throat and the journalists began to quiet. He spoke with a shaky voice.

Hello, I would first like to begin by apologising to the International Gaming Union, my sponsors and, most importantly, all my fans. I have disgraced myself by betraying their trust. I am aware that using cheat codes is prohibited by the IGU and I know that I should have been honest with them before accepting the title of World Gaming Champion. I deceived the good people here at IGU and it is me who bares the full responsibility of my actions. Because of the shame that I have brought upon myself I see no other option but to resign as World Gaming Champion, Garth looked over at Chett who was wearing a stern look of disappointment. I just hope that my fans and everyone else who supported me can find it in their hearts to forgive me. Im sorry. Garth had finished reading the speech Chett had given him and he looked up towards the crowd. I just wanted to play games.



Player one is in position. He is in cover behind a chair at the back of the room. The sound of bullets flying just above him and distant explosions sends a chill down his spine. His body gets that familiar tingle which he always gets at the start of a round.  He grips the handgun in his pocket and takes a peep round the corner. There are civilians everywhere.  At the other side of the room he sees some enemy combatants. Then, just behind them, he sees the target.  No chance of a stealth operation and no time to wait for backup. This has to be done now. The window of opportunity is closing. Player one speaks into his headset.

Delta 1, I have eyes on the target but be advised we have high numbers of civilians in the area.      There is a high possibility of collateral damage.

Proceed as you see fit, Player 1

Copy. Engaging target

Player one takes one last look. Civilians, news cameras, journalists, security. This is suicide. But it is his duty. He slowly creeps from behind cover, staying low to avoid the bullets flying overhead, making his way through the crowd. They are all so focussed on the target that nobody seems to pay attention to him. Those that do see him just ignore him. He threads his way past a news camera. Good, he thinks to himself, this victory will be caught on camera for the whole world to see. Ill be a hero. Player one smiles as he creeps forward, edging closer to the target.
He passes the crowd of journalists and VIP guests, all sitting comfortably on their chairs, itching to ask their questions. They are almost as bad as the target. They want to give him a voice, allow him to justify his actions. If there is any collateral damage, let it be them.

He approaches a line of security guards directly in front of the podium. His first hurdle. He can see one of them smiling at him puzzled. The guard takes a step forward with his arms wide open.

Im sorry sir but I must ask you to

Player one acts fast. He pulls the gun out of his pocket and puts one right in the guards face. Blam. It feels nothing like he expected. Its not clean. Its not quick. Its downright disgusting.

Time seems to slow as he watches the guards face simultaneously cave in and explode. He has prepared himself for this. All those hours of training cannot let him down.  He looks past the guard and sees that the others have barely registered what is happening. They are just moving towards him, as fast as they can, but still everything is slowed to a fraction of normal speed. Its like everyone except him is underwater, fighting to move against some ubiquitous resistance. Even the sounds are slowed as women and men scream several octaves lower than they should.

Player one looks up towards the podium. There is the target. He is standing there helpless. His mouth wide open in complete shock. This is how it should feel, Player 1 thinks with a smile. This is it.

He raises the gun; everything around him is still morphed in a slow pandemonium. Out of the corner of his eye he can see a security guard diving for him but he isnt going to make it. Nothing can stop him. He is going to win. This is it. He looks down the reticule: centre mass. He takes a deep breath and just before he squeezes he lets out a scream, a war cry.

Cheater!

One, two, three. Pop, Pop, Pop. For a brief moment he sees the look of horrified shock on the targets face. Then the security guard comes crushing down on him.



Garth lay there at the foot of the podium, blood seeping through his shirt, chaos erupting around him. Everyone seemed to have forgotten that he had been shot and were either mobbing the gunman or running for the fire exits. Garth reached into his pocket and pulled out his trophy. As he held it up to look at it he smiled and a trickle of blood emerged at the corner of his mouth.

GAME OVER!
