    Hes ten years old, but that doesnt make him too old for a stuffed animal. He thinks it does, but he also thinks hes old enough to walk his little sisters to school by himself. Which will never happen. Im too careful. I always remind him of the missing children, of the taken and violated, of the those that are snatched when we look away for just one second. I tell him of the families that are torn apart by sick strangers, and of the kids that are found discarded in ditches and of the ones never found but never forgotten. I never let him be by himself. Im not paranoid, its necessary. I cant let him out of my sight because I cant let him out of my life. Im not jeopardizing it. Responsible mothers dont leave anything up to chance. 

    Blue. Cody likes blue. Its not his favorite color, but he likes it. His favorite color is silver. Like the color of the moon he says. Cody likes the moon too, he always tells me that he loves me to the moon. I tell him that I love him to the moon and back, and without hesitation he says he loves mommy to the moon and back times infinity. Infinity! Such a large number for such a little boy! Well, I guess hes not so little anymore, but when he was younger, you couldnt help but believe him. Hearing him stumble on the word infinity through his crooked teeth, you just knew that he loved you with everything he had. Still, although hes older and his teeth have grown in every time he says I love you, I know he means it.

    I reach for the blue stuffed spider. Its perfect! Cody loves insects, theyre all he talks about. Ever since he was little hes wanted to be an entomologist. His curious mind couldnt keep him from the creepy crawlies that disgust his little sisters. The twinge in his eye that appears when he sees a beetle or the jump in his step he gets when a trail of ants are winding along the sidewalk is enough to persuade anyone to hold a bug. Even his sisters. His passion for arachnids and insects is so profound that it radiates from him to others. When he grows up hes going to be the best entomologist, I just know it.

    Can I help you with anything, maam? I hear from behind me.

    It startled me at first, but Im easily startled these days. I turn around to the lady behind the counter and see the same eyes that Ive been seeing for the last few weeks. Compassionate, yet empty. She doesnt know me but, she knows why Im here. 

    No no, just this. It sounds weaker than I intended, but she responds with a half-hearted smile. Thoughtful, but patronizing.  She looks young and her name tag says Brooke. Like a babbling brook, I think and it reminds me of the time I took Cody hiking. We weaved through the pine trees following the waters path until it expanded from a stream into a raging river. On the bank I warned Cody of the dangers of water, of how its current can sweep your feet from under you and bury you under vengeful rapids until you cant discern which way is up from down. He understood and commented on how much prettier the water was from farther away. Cody said that close up it was too fast and too loud. As we walked the waters edge I held his hand so tight that I didnt even notice the cramping of my own hand until he began to complain. It was just natural to hold onto him. Although the water frightened him, he begged to dip his toes in, but I wouldnt dare risk it. I left nothing up to chance.
Brooke rings in the stuffed animal. 

    Visiting? she asks to fill the empty space in the air, but I can see that she doesnt want to know. Not because she doesnt care, but because were both better off not talking about it. 

    Staying. I mumble sternly. I didnt mean to be rude, Im just exhausted. I look up to her as if to say sorry and she nodds. She understands. 
She puts the gift into a white bag with a bright, yellow smiley face. Ironic. I almost smile at the ridiculousness of it. I guess it did its job, even though my response was cynical. As I grab the gift from her I think of all the people that she must interact with everyday. How pessimistic she must have become. 

    I walk out of the shop. Its only 7 a.m, but the building is humming and the familiars and the not-so-familiars are shuffling by. Everything is slow here, well, most of the time. Most think that things are better when theyre slower, but thats not always the case. When things are slow it allows for time to settle in your wrinkles and to weigh down your eyelids until youre too tired to sleep. Slow gives you time to fantasize the past until you muddle up memories with things you wish you did different and you cant remember what is fact or fiction. Slow takes too long, it hides the answers to the questions that you want right then. I suppose its not always bad, though. Recovery takes time, and recovery should take time if you want to recover properly. But the time it takes to reach recovery? Too long.

    I walk the halls aimlessly, theres nowhere to go.  I could go back to the room, but I need a break. Sometimes I wonder if that makes me a bad mother, because I should be spending every last minute that I have with him. I want to see his smile forever, the one with the overlapped and gapped teeth. It was so unique and charming, just like him. He doesnt like his teeth though, but hes getting braces next month and hes so excited. I should go see him, just in case. Good mothers never leave anything up to chance.

    This all started out as an accident. Just like the time Cody broke grandmas antique vase. The little cream one with the delicately designed flowers that quietly sat on the corner table in the living room. It was beautiful, every graceful stroke reminding you of its fragileness. It wasnt on purpose, he told me, when his soccer ball went soaring across the room and knocked it to the floor with a painful crash. At first, a boiling sensation ran through my veins, but it was quickly eased when I saw the dismay in his valley green eyes. I couldnt be mad at him. Yes, he shouldnt be playing soccer in the house, but he was only six. I knelt down to his hunched body, his body convulsing with each sob and his cheeks sunken in tears, and tried to console him.

    Its okay, I cooed, you are here and you are safe. If it was you that was broken, then I would be crying, too. Luckily, Its only a vase. And I meant it. I meant it because I never wanted him to think I was angry, or that I didnt love him. I would never give that possibility a chance. 
 He was, and is, so fragile himself. With every regret taking a toll on his psyche until he can make everything right again. And when the priceless vase riddled the ground in jagged fragments, he promised to make it up to me. The next day, I wasnt surprised to find the vase on the corner table, pieced together with super-glue and determination. I wish super-glue could fix more than vases. 

    I didnt mean to come back, but I find myself at the room. The nurse is sitting next to the bed, she mustve been waiting for me.
Nothing has changed. she says, averting eye contact. I dont know whether to be glad that nothing has gotten worse, or be devastated that nothing has gotten better. 

    Nothings going to change. I hear behind me. I turn to see the doctor, draped in white and pessimistic truth. Have you decided? he says it gentler this time, allowing his compassion to flow from deep within him to me.
    
    I cant answer. The question is weighted with so much more than inquiry. Its weighted down with reality and toppled with dread, with its only two possible answers buried by uncertainty. 
    
    As if he had the answer, I turn to Cody. His small frame barely outlined by the bland hospital blankets, and his young eyes matured by dark circles. I half expect him to open them and flash his signature smile. I take the blue spider from the bag and tuck it beneath his arm. Although its been a month, the lifelessness of his body still overwhelms me and when I lifted his thin, stiff arm my throat closed and my vision blurred. I know that theres so much life in his body, in his mind, but he felt so empty. I grasp his hand tightly, hoping for him to tell mommy that Im holding too tight again. But theres nothing, no complaint. No response. His fingers dont wrap and intertwine with mine, they just lay in my palm limply. How could someone be so alive, but so lifeless?

    The slight rhythm of his weak breath and the tone of the life support machine brought me back to the room. Suddenly, I can feel the doctors somber eyes resting his gaze on my broken self, waiting for an answer. I havent wanted to think about it, to talk about it, but now I have to. I have to decide between his future and mine. He cant get the braces that hes been wanting if hes not connected to the machine. He cant grow up into the man hes supposed to be if theres no life support. But, what Im struggling with is deciding if is theres any life left in him to support. The doctors say there isn't. Theres little to no chance, they recite. As if they get to compose my sons life. 
    They mustve forgotten that a good mother leaves nothing up to chance, unless chance is all she can depend on.

    And theres a chance for survival. 