I had to. I just had to.

I had seen the women coming over when his wife was away. Heard the screams and the smacks when she wasn't. I had met both of them I'm passing; checking the mail, getting the paper, the usual encounters two neighbors who couldn't care less about the other face. 

I was always cordial. She was reluctant to make eye contact and quick to the house. He was pompous and rude, Usually rather boisterous-and drunk. 

I had heard it time and time again, but saw it today for the first and last time. Blinds left carelessly open, I saw the right hook connect to her jawline. She disappeared below the line of sight provided by the window. One, two, three kicks. 

He glanced my way and swiftly drew the curtains closed. Later I hear screaming and door slams, I see her stumbling out to the car half dressed. Driving off with him hulking his fat body down the driveway. The tires screaming on the pavement and her taillights disappearing around the first corner. 

Grunting and cussing he waddled back in. It was late. The neighborhood was asleep. Except for three of us for sure. 

Before I realized where I was i found myself in his living room. Carpet stained, the clothes left either from carelessness or previous cage matches strewn about the floor. Pots, pans, food left to spoil. An overwhelming smell of cigarettes lingered-similar to a bar that still has carpet on the floor.

His back was to me, cracking open what was surely his 10th or 11th drunk of the night. He never knew I was there, heck until now I didnt know i was either. 

Glancing down I noticed I was gripping my pocket knife hard enough to show the whites of my knuckles. Blade forward. Full fisted grip. Overcome with an oddly calm rage I carried out my vengeance. Two steps and I buried the blade to the hilt into his right temple. The thud of my fist making contact with the side of his head coincided with his body dropping to the kitchen floor. Beer pooling as fast as his blood. His booze can rolling away I removed my knife. I stared at him, he was dead. Never to hurt again. I felt sick but justified. Turning to leave, I picked up a zippo from beside the ashtray, lit it and threw it on the stain ridden couch. Locked the door behind me and like a mindless drone walked back home. 

I watched through the same window as the blinds he recently drew shut began to melt away.

I slipped into bed, closed my eyes, and woke up. 

I sat straight up, sweating, panting, scared.
Walked to the window, the blinds were still there.

I got my pocketknife and headed that way.

I had to, I just had to.