Looks like were as ready as well ever be. What do you think? Shaun asked.

Peter glanced at his watch then turned to Shaun. Lets do it.

	
The two acted as perfect counterparts. Peter and Shauns friendship began when they were children and survived through their high school and college years. The two decided to set off on an outdoor adventure after they finished college. Shaun, being the more spontaneous of the two, had to coax the more reserved Peter into buying his plane ticket; after some convincing and planning, the pair left for Seattle. 

For the past two weeks, they had trekked through the verdant and mysterious landscapes of the Pacific Northwest. They had garnered many incredible experiences through trudging across rocky beaches and winding their way through ancient rainforests, but now the two were at the apex of the trip: a summit attempt of Mount Rainier, a 14,411-foot tall volcanic behemoth of the Cascade Mountains. 

In order to assist them in their ascent, Shaun hired a guide named Mac. Mac was, without a doubt, all about alpinism. He was a part of the upper tier of the elite mountaineering coterie; the man had trekked all over the world and had climbed all of the Seven Summits. With a face dark from the sun and a full beard, Mac looked the part of a climbing guide. No one in the state of Washington was better with an ice axe. 

They had stayed the night at Camp Muir, a small mountain hut situated 10,060 feet above sea level on the side of the mountain. Mac woke Peter and Shaun at 12:45 AM to begin the climb; it was summit day. The forecast predicted storms in the afternoon so Mac had set a turnaround time of 10:30 AM; if they had not reached the summit at this time, they were going home without the peak under their belts.

The three men were all dressed in a similar fashion; all had on multiple layers of warm clothing and gloves that they could shed as the day warmed. All three had on rain pants in order to break the wind and to stay dry. Shaun in a red jacket and Peter in yellow both wore wind buffs. Mac wore a bright red parka with a blue bandana. All three members of the team wore red climbing helmets. 

After finishing a Spartan breakfast of energy bars and cereal, Mac opened the door of the cabin and the other two followed him outside. The beautiful night sky greeted the trio in a way the two city boys had never seen before. The distant swirls of the Milky Way hypnotized Shaun and Peter. The sky was so bright that the surrounding terrain was easily visible even though it was the middle of the night. 

Mac smiled. Its something else, isnt it? These stars never get old no matter where you are, he whispered. The constellations were vivid in the thin alpine air. A shooting star zipped across Orions Belt. The sky was bright enough that they didnt really need lights but they turned on their headlamps anyway. The trio checked their packs one last time. Each man carried with him warm clothes, an ice axe and crampons, a headlamp, a days worth of food, rope, and four liters of water.  

The three made their way off the rocky plateau on which Muir Hut sat. Once they reached the first glacier, Mac gave the order to his clients to put on crampons and to start wielding their ice axes. The three also tethered themselves together so that if someone fell they would not slide down the entire mountain. 

Peter checked his watch. It read 1:15 AM; the team had nine hours and fifteen minutes to reach the icy summit over 4,000 feet above them. Peter glanced at the edge of the pass they were standing on: a dark void greeted him below. He gulped as he struggled to tighten his crampon straps. Shaun looked at him, concerned.

Hey bud. Weve already done some crazy stuff on this trip; youve got this. Shaun patted Peter on the back and helped him by yanking the strap tightly. Now enjoy it! Lets show this mountain who is boss!

Mac cracked his knuckles loudly; it was the only sound aside from the howling of the icy wind. The mountainside was its own stunning world, like a heaven two miles above sea level. The experienced guide checked over his clients equipment and nodded, satisfied. Now remember fellas. Hydration, hydration, hydration, Mac repeated. If you dont stay hydrated, we arent going to finish this climb. Also, the altitude will probably kick in soon if it hasnt already. Youll feel very exhausted, will have a headache, you might even throw up. Keep me updated on any symptoms; altitude sickness is not a beast you want to play with.

With his speech completed, Mac took the first step onto Cowlitz Glacier, the first of the many thousands of steps that the team would take throughout the day. From Camp Muir, they had somewhere between four to six miles and around 4,330 vertical feet to go until they reached Columbia Crest, the summit. Mac, as the guide, was in front. Peter was the middle man. Shaun was the sweeper. 

Time was a blend. Each second, minute, hour was the same. The only noise in the icy wasteland was that of the climbers labored breath and of their crampons crunching into the ice. When needed, the three would kick an indention into the slope and carefully rest. They passed a deep crevasse, an icy abyss waiting to swallow an unlucky climber. 
Mac made sure to call breaks once it was clear that Shaun or Peter was becoming winded. Mac made sure to remind them both to drink water. Mac made sure to force snacks down their throats to give them energy. Mac made sure to correct the climbers ice axe techniques. Mac made sure to do his job. He was good at it. 

The three kept trudging up the incline. Peter checked his watch: 3:07 AM. They had been on the mountain for two hours. The team was crossing the Ingraham Glacier when Mac turned to the two friends and said, Were close to the section that will get us to the summit. Its called Disappointment Cleaver, but I doubt you guys will be disappointed. In his head, Peter wondered with a little bit of nervousness how it had earned such a name.

They marched on to Disappointment Cleaver while having to sidestep bottomless crevasses and endure the battering of the strong winds. This was the most technical part of the climb. The wind threw stinging particles of ice at their faces as the men pulled themselves up the bridges of ice; at times it seemed that a gust would pick them up off the mountain and throw them back to Camp Muir. 

As the ice nettled his face, Peter looked at the still ticking hands of his watch. Despite the extreme conditions, they continued in their never-ending journey around the face. It was 4:37 AM: less than six hours remained until they would have to turn around. They were somewhere around halfway up the mountain, but the most strenuous part of the climb was ahead. The sun had begun its ascent to the sky, mirroring the mens ascent of the mountain. Mac made sure to remind Shaun and Peter to put on their sunglasses to keep their eyes from being sunburned.
When the team was ascending a particularly steep part of the glacier, Shaun lost his footing. He fell backwards, yelling in surprise as a shelf of ice crumbled beneath him. Peters heart dropped as he dug his feet into the ice and braced himself. Shaun quickly slid down the ridge toward a steep precipice. He grasped his ice axe with both of his hands and stabbed it into the slope as if the ice was a man condemned to death and he the executioner. The rope that tethered the team together was completely taut when Shaun stopped himself. Peter and Mac stood crouched, still braced against the rope in case Shaun slipped again. 

Are you alright? Mac exclaimed to Shaun, ten yards below him. 

That was crazy! Shaun yelled back as he righted himself and began to climb back into his position at the rear of the group. I wish I had it on video!

Peter felt dumbfounded. Shaun had almost just fallen off the side of the mountain, and here he was joking around and gamboling back into position. Nervously shaking his head, Peter looked at his reliable watch to find that it was 5:50 AM. Four and a half hours to go. Mac called a break so that they could compose themselves. Looking up, the men could see their always-distant goal. Gazing off the side of the mountain, the three could see the shadow of Rainier extending into the distance. Endless snowfields and icy glaciers lay below them. Peter could scarcely believe they had climbed so great a distance.

The marathon continued as Mac led them higher up the mountain. They began clambering up the Emmons Glacier: the last steep climb to the crater rim. Mac noticed that the altitude was taking a toll on his clients. He had to stay extra vigilant even as it became more difficult to do so in order to keep the team safe. Shaun and Peter stoically followed Mac up the steep slope despite the harrowing altitude, now getting close to 13,500 feet. The trio was silent aside from the sound of their crampons sinking into the ice. 

Shaun was doing well physically but Peters strength was flagging. He knew that they were so close, yet he felt terrible. Climbing the steep ice was exhausting in itself, and the effects of the high altitude only weakened Peter more. During a fleeting break that he wished could have lasted forever, Peter checked his watch. He marveled at the hands of the clock that never stopped working despite the beating that they, and he, had endured. It was 8:49 AM. Peter peered down the steep slope of the mountain and realized just how far they all had come. Although the team had less than three hours to reach the summit, all three of the men were dog tired, and the wind was blowing harder than ever, for the first time that day Peter really felt confident. 

The steepness gradually was receding. Due to the rounded peak, the summit seemed as far away as ever. The group reached the top of the Emmons Glacier and crested the edge of the crater. Completely drained, Shaun and Peter fell to the ground. They were both exhausted but mentally they both, especially Peter, were still determined. Mac encouraged the men, jokingly yelling over the wind, Come on ladies! Its not like weve been climbing for eight hours! Were almost at the summit!

Peter checked his watch and saw that it was 10:05 AM. Mac waking him up at Camp Muir seemed as if it had happened in a different lifetime. The three stumbled forward like the walking dead up the soft slope of Columbia Crest. Mac pointed out to Shaun and Peter a rocky point ahead of them: the summit. Suddenly embodied with a new wave of energy, Peter and Shaun started to climb faster. Mac laughed as he kept up with their pace, happy that they had reached their goal.
With celebratory whoops and yells the three men stepped onto the summit. There they were, 14,441 feet above the Earth. Peter checked his watch: 10:24 AM.  They basked in the glory of the view around them. From their vantage point, they could see numerous other mountains including Mt. Adams, Mt. St. Helens, and Mt. Jefferson. Shaun and Peter gazed in wonderment at the massive expanse of the craggy mountain below them, a mountain that they now had conquered. Peter pensively turned around and around, ingraining a panorama of the scene into his brain. After they took a few pictures and drank some water, Mac uttered esoterically, You men stand upon hallowed ground that few are privileged enough to reach. You are now a part of an order composed of a select few who were able to surmount The Big One. Mac looked at them very seriously for a second, then started laughing.  Great job fellas. Lets head home.

The descent, although much faster, was more dangerous. After summiting, previously cautious climbers become careless and lazy. Mac made sure to not let this happen. When possible, the three glissaded down the chutes carved by past climbers. Sheets of rain could be seen falling far in the distance, creating a beautiful vista; the projected bad weather had decided to avoid the trio. 

Shaun and Peter could hardly believe it as they passed the landmarks that they had climbed earlier that morning. Some parts of the landscape they didnt even recognize since they had passed them in darkness. After a couple hours of descent, the team could again see Camp Muir. The cabin, settled between the rocks on the stony pass, had never looked more welcoming.

Totally exhausted, all three men hurried into the convivial structure. Mac took all of their equipment to make sure that everything was in order for their departure the next day. While Mac was finishing up the necessary preparations, Shaun walked over to Peter near the sleeping pads.

Well, we did it Peter, Shaun said proudly. He clasped Peters hand in a handshake.

I cant believe it, but we sure did, Peter replied. As he firmly returned the handshake, Peters eyes passed over his watch and he smiled to himself. 
