So, hi guys. I got bored and decided to just write a presumably crappy short story. It's completely unedited, and I don't know if I'll work with it more in the future. But I decided to share it at least so it doesn't go to waste. Enjoy, criticize, destroy. Whatever your hearts desire on this.

----

	You could smell the docks from a few miles away all those years ago. It was kind of funny really, it was such a putrid stench that everyone wanted it to be gone. But over the years since then, more and more people seem to be missing the musty smell of all the ships coming and going. 
	Okay, well I may be exaggerating about just why people care about the docks. But the point is that people do still miss them, and its for good reason. A lot of memories were born there, and with the dock being destroyed and turned into a commercial center; Theyll be lost to time eventually. Thats a scary thing, when you consider humans only tend to live for a handful of years in the grand scheme of things.
	There was one memory about the docks that stood out to me the most. When I was nothing more than a child, I got into an argument with my brother. It was over the most stupid thing honestly; Like all sibling fights. But at the time it felt like the weight of the world was crashing on me, and I had to do everything I could to get out of there. So I pushed my way through the door and ran as quickly as I could.
	I was probably thinking something along the lines of, One of the ships can take me away, so I wont have to see that jerk again. Childish thoughts really, although it is nice to think back to when things like that were the only problem I had to worry about.
	But back on track, I ran until I got into the center of the docks. I dont remember what time I had left the house, but I know it was light out when I left and dark when I arrived. The dock was absolutely dead with the amount of people there. I had never actually seen the dock at night, it was such a different experience. 
	The people that were there though seemed pretty shady. Thinking back on it now, Im sure there were probably a few hookers and drug dealers there that I passed. It wouldnt be surprising really, given why the dock shut down.
	Anyways, there I was in the middle of the dock all alone. Shady people were passing back and forth pretty commonly, although still not as often as during the day. I was crying my eyes out when this Monster. This old man came up to me and offered to take me back home. I was young and foolish, I didnt realize just what was going on.
	I wiped my tears, grabbed his hand and began to walk with him. The other adults around started to snicker as we walked away, the reason is obvious to me now. The tears helped blur my vision as we walked, until after a while I realized we werent going anywhere near my house. Thats when the true panic began.
	I started trying to get free from his grip, but my child strength was absolutely no match for what he was capable of. The adults nearby just continued on with their ways no matter what I screamed. It was like the dock as a whole had condemned me. I was to be a sacrifice for the monsters that lived in that demonic dock.
	I was about to be forced into a building. Thats when my savior came to me. It was my older brother, that I had the argument with. He was only a couple of years older than me, so its not like he could really compete against the man either. But he managed to surprise him enough, that the monster let go of me. I started to run, until I got all the way home. I was too terrified to think about anything else.
	It was only when I was safe inside my home that I realized what had happened. In order to make sure I got away safely, my brother had to use himself as a shield for me. I hoped that he would come back safely, but minutes became hours that became days.
	A couple of weeks later, my brothers body showed up in one of the warehouses. Starved, beaten and used it laid in the floor of that dirty dock. We took my brother home and tried to have the best funeral that we could for him. The dock was closed down shortly after. It turned out that my brother wasnt the first person that had happened to. 
	I did see that man a few years after the dock though, when I was the pride of our towns football team. I had a lot of people who would do anything to get a good favor with me. So we snuck out one time, and made sure that, that monster would never be able to do anything again.
	For me, Im a little on the fence about my feelings of the dock. On one hand its showing that my childhood is over forever and that Ill never be able to go back to it no matter how much I want to. On the other hand, it shows that Ill be able to go and move on with my life and try to find something new to strive for, a new life for me. Ill never get my brother back, and I have to come to terms with the fact that I essentially killed him. 
