The phone is a lie, be careful where you place your trust. 4817. Charles stared at these words embossed on the face of the wall on the far side of the room. The clean, black, Arial text nearly occupied the entire white surface, leaving around an inch of trim around the edges to allow the viewer to clearly read each word. He took a breath in through his nose while he analyzed the words on the wall, the smell of disinfectant singed his nostril hairs. But what concerned him at that moment was not what those words meant, but why they were there and, more importantly, why he was there. He had no recollection of arriving in these bare quarters or even what he was doing just before looking upon those words. Charles jumped as a ring broke the silence of the room. He reached into his right pocket and pulled out a phone, quickly answering it. Hello? He asked apprehensively. A voice came from the speaker, Hello? Oh thank God someone answered! Youve got to help me! Im trapped in this room and cant figure a way out! Alright, alright, calm down, Charles interjected, Ill do what I can but it looks like Im in a similar situation.
Whats your name? Larry, Larry Beaches. The voice replied.
Charles Bayer, he answered Can you describe whats around you? In front of me is a door with two keypads and behind me on the wall is a block of text reading, The phone is a lie, be careful where you place your trust. Charles froze at the sound of these familiar words and stared at the text on the wall. Then, he slowly turned to look at the wall behind him. There was a door placed in the center of the wall with two keypads hovering above its long, thin handle. Charles walked over to the door and inspected the keypads then looked back at the numbers on the wall behind him. Hello? Hello? Are you still there? Larry yelled through the speaker. Yeah, Im still here. Are you sure there is nothing else in the room? Charles asked suspiciously.
No, why? What else is on your wall? Larry asked. My wall? I didnt say there was anything on my wall. The phone went silent. Hello? Hello? Are you still there? Charles asked. He looked down at the phone, there was no service. He stared at the phone in his hand for a moment, questioning what had just transpired. He slid the phone back into his pocket and input the numbers on the wall into the keypads multiple different ways to no avail. The phone rings again and Charles quickly picked it up, Hello? Larry? What happened? Charles asked. Im not sure, the phone went silent all of sudden, our call must have been dropped. Did anything happen while I was gone? Larry joked. No, its been quiet over here, what about over there? Charles shot back. I think the walls might have become brighter but that is most likely just me. Larry returned. Charles laughed, he felt a slight sense of easy come over him joking with Larry. He felt less alone in his cell and felt some hope that he might be able to escape this place. Now what was that you mentioned earlier before we were cut off? Something about text on your wall? Larry inquired. Oh Yeah, there are these numbers Charles drifted off. A look of confusion and concern grew on his face. Wait, I never mentioned anything about text on my wall! Nothing but silence came from the other end of the line again. Charles looked down at his phone again, no service. A sense of overwhelming dread began to creep up through his body. How does he know about the text? Why do we keep getting cut off? What happens if I give him the numbers? He questioned himself. The phone rang a third time, on the screen a white bell appeared on a black background while Charles pressed the snooze button again, not knowing what the screen showed. Larry! What is going on?! I refuse to speak to you until you let me know what is going on! The call was silent on the other end. Charles waited and waited and heard nothing. He removed the phone from his ear and looked at the screen. The alarm went off once more in the palm of his hand, the sight of which caused the blood to drain from Charles face. A voice came from the phone, Do you understand now Charles? But the voice then seemed to come from his head, Or does this form of communication seem to work better for you? Charles completely froze, appearing like a pale statue in the middle of a barren gallery, petrified by fear and confusion. Larrys voice came over the speaker once again after what felt like an eternity, We are two sides of the same coin, you know what you have to do. And his voice vanished. After recovering from the shock Charles attempted to contact Larry again. Initially, he quietly, nervously said his name, followed by silence. Again, he said Larrys name a little louder to no avail. He kept saying Larrys name over and over, his quiet questions increasing in intensity as his voice got louder and louder. His timidity transformed into frustration and anger until he screamed at the top of his lungs, LARRRRY! LARRRY! Into the phone, at the walls, towards the heavens. Finally he raised the phone above his head and threw it at the ground with all his might, pulverizing it into an unusable heap. He laid on the floor with bits of what was his phone pressing into his back, taking no notice while tears of desperation run down his face but there was only silence.