Jane had no idea what she had caused when she gave the assignment the day before. The students in this particular class weren't the most ambitious of sorts, but that never stopped Jane from believing that anyone could do something special with their lives. "Who Would I Be? was the name of the writing prompt she had given them at the end of yesterdays lesson, and along with that a reminder than if you believed in yourself, you can become anything.

When she entered the classroom everything seemed normal. Her students had already dropped their assignments in the box on her desk. Glancing at the first page she noticed the topic Isaac had picked. She smiled. Isaac was a quiet student, and she didn't blame him. The other students picked on him relentlessly and for no good reason. Jane did her best to watch out for him, but the other students were smart only picking on him when there was no one to catch them doing it. They knew Isaac wasn't going to turn them in. He was a good kid, and when she asked why he wouldn't defend himself he always told her, "Because I can take it."

"Good morning class," Jane began.

"Morning Mrs. J," replied a few of the students.

"I see you have all turned in your assignments, after I grade them everyone will have the opportunity to share who they would be," she said, string the exact reaction she had anticipated the whole class groaned. Jane glanced around the room as she was taking the role. Levi was missing.

Levi was quite most of the time as well, but the difference in Levi compared to Isaac was very obvious. Levi did try to fight back when others picked on him. Most of the time he was successful, but he always picked a silent attack. Often getting even with students or outdoing them. Putting them down just as they had put him down.

"Has anyone seen Levi?" Jane asked. A few students shook their heads. She would just mark him as absent and follow up at the end of class. This wasn't the first time he had missed school without an explanation. She tried tirelessly, but could never get his parents to really seem too worried about his absences during their parent teacher conferences.

Jane picked up her notebook with the days lesson plan, and just as she began to introduce the new topic for the day the lights began to flicker. Next everyone's phones started going off, and even the computer screens started to glitch. Something wasn't right. The lights went out completely, and the room went dark despite the open windows. It was as if someone had just sucked all of the light right out of the world.

The room was silent, except for a ringing in everyone years. With a loud snap all the light was back, but standing right in front of the classroom was Levi. Without saying a word he stepped forward and grabbed one of the students, Katie by the hair. The lights flickered of and on one more time, and in that short moment they were both gone. Panic flooded through Jane. What was she going to do? Who was she supposed to call? The class was in a panic as well; worried that Levi would be back for them as well.

Jane noticed that when they vanished, Levi had left something behind. A piece of paper. Jane ran to the desk hoping for a clue as to what was going on. It was Levis assignment. Nothing useful. Jane fell to her knees in fear for Katie's safety. She opened her eyes and read the first few lines of the assignment.

'I'm tired of everyone always pushing me around. Who will I be? I'm going to be the one everyone is afraid of. You won't dare stand up to me, because if you do you know I will make you hurt. I will be powerful. I will do whatever I have to in order to get what I want.' Jane was horrified.

Was it possible that the assignment had somehow given Levi what he had wanted? She had to get some more information right away.

"Stay here, and look out for each other. I will be back right away! Everything is going to be fine!" She told her class as some protested asking if Katie was going to be okay.

Jane sprinted down the hallway to the main office to find the TV on, with a group of teachers surrounding it. Live from downtown the reporter was showing what looked like a girl tied to the founders statue. Jane's stomach lurched as she recognized her has Katie, and even worse she was unconscious. At least she hoped she was unconscious. Levi was standing next to her saying that he was in charge now, and if anyone resisted Katie wouldn't be so lucky.

"That kid was never any good." The science teacher, Mr. Clyde drawled. No he wasn't a very good kid, but he wasn't this bad of a kid either. Jane was frantic and then she remembered one thing.

'If I could be anything I would someones light. I would spend every day doing everything I can to make a difference. I would fight for right, and I would do it even facing a world where there is only dark.' Isaac was a good kid. Isaac was hope.
