Crash:
Angela loved the ocean. Ever since she was little girl it was the only time that her father ever gave a damn about her. It was a happier time before an alcoholic mother, and an absent father. They would be there out in the ocean playing all day then at night they would have a fire right on the beach. After the fire Angela would be too tired to walk, and her father would take her back to their billion dollar house. Angela smirked. That is what her mother always called it the billion dollar house. The house that they both cant leave, but never see each other. 
She moved her hands through the sand feeling the grains in between her fingers. The waves rushed in touching her feet, and receding back.  The salt smell was strong, how long had she been laying here? Hours, days? Time was irrelevant right now. What the hell even happened? Angela opened her eyes the sky was on fire. The sun was setting or rising? Oh the plane there was a plane the plane it was on.fireright? No, that came after after. Angela couldnt remember. She sat up wincing at the pain in her stomach, back, and just about everywhere else. On her elbows she looked out of the ocean. Parts of the plane, and baggage were slowly being pushed onto the shore. Already there was a lot of junk on the beach. 
Rolling over she got up slowly and scanned the area around her. Trees lots of trees, a ocean, sand, and a mountain. A fucking island, of all the places she could have landed in all of the world a small island nowhere to be found. It was better than the middle of the ocean. Angela looked down her new Cashmere sweater, tights, and boots were all messed up. 
The sun was getting lower, and she was getting colder. She needed to find a way to make it through the night, but she didnt know how. Nobody she knew understood how to live in the wild. She started to walk, the sand slowing her down. The heel of her boot sunk in with each step. Angela slipped and fell to her knees. She started to punch the sand no.no.NO! Angela screamed to the island. The answer returned was silence. 
Angela convinced herself to get up, and start moving. She remembered watching some show or something about deserted island survival firs t thing she needed was water, and a shelter. Well there was the ocean if it didnt have all of the salt water wouldnt be a problem. Maybe there was water deeper in the island, there definitely was a lot of trees there had to be freshwater somewhere. 
Angela kept walking forward tripping over the sand as she walked. She reached the edge of the tree line looking past the dense forest. It was dark, and deep it felt like something was staring back at her. There was a whisper from the woods Angela. She pulled her blond hair back there was a feeling like something was there just out of the corner of her eye. Angela come closer. She walked forward more pushing the branches out of the way. She leaned forward pausing at the edge.who is there? She  could almost see it, but it already could see her.  She only had to take another step, and it would have her it has been such a long time. It was hungry and Angela was a perfect steak juicy, and bloody. Angela smelled the air there was something in it, a sweet smell? Angela could feel the hair on the back of her neck rising she felt warm. 
A hand grabbed her shoulder, Angela?
Angela turned it was Chloe, her black hair hung in her face like a mess full of sand. She had a huge cut on her face it was bleeding. Her black skin was soaked in the blood. Angela shook her head, Oh Chloe, sorry um your alive. That smell stayed with Angela playing with her. 
Chloe held up her hands Yeah obs, and you are to, She made a circling motion with her hand where are we Angie?
Angela looked back at the forest it was very angry. It was such an old place, old places like this are bad places. She could feel the pull of the forest, Angelacome back to me..you smell so..tasty.
Chloe snapped her fingers in front of Angelas face, Yo bitch you go on a trip, and leave a girl hangin where the fuck were you? Angela looked at Chloe the smell was making her so dizzy, so forgetful. Chloe was right here, but Angela couldnt see her anymore.
Angela coughed a violent cough almost knocking her over. Looking down at her hand it was all bloody. Angela thought she could hear a groaning in the forest, it was hungry so hungry. It wanted something to eat, it wanted her. Angela looked up at Chloe, and smiled wildly at her. Angies mind was going into a blur. She could see them pass passing drinks in the plane. Angela was just dared to do snort a shot of Beluga Gold Line Vodka. Her parents kept a ton of it on their privet jet. Community College dropouts couldnt afford it, but her mother never felt home without it. Angela knew the combo to get the drinks. They were just drinking, then there was a fire. It was so red, and hot even on the outside of the plane. There was something else on the plane though. Something Angela didnt remember. Something out of the corner of her eye if she could only see it. 
Angela looked at Chloe reaching out and touching her shoulder, I was so worried I was alone Chloe Angela felt drunk not quite just drunk but drunk like someone slipped her something. Like the time she was at a rave with David. David was so beautiful would she see him again? She pointed to the forest dizzily tripping some falling backwards she landed hard laughing. Chloe got down next to her. 
Chloe screamed at the top of her lungs HELP SOMEONE PLEASE HELP. She looked down Angie what is going on what is wrong with you please, please stay with me, Chloe was crying now shaking her friend the only other person she had found.
Angela reached up and touched her face, and brushed her finger around Chloes cut. Then she put her finger on Chloes lips, Shhh the forest can hear you. Angelas eyes rolled back into her head she could feel the pull of the world leaving her. The feeling was a drunk, but oh it was also so.pleasurable.


The sun went down, and came up again Angela didnt wake up. Chloe sat beside her for a time, she cried, she cried so hard that she fell asleep. She held Angela close, and would occasionally wake up. Chloe wanted to be a nurse growing up, but for a family that was made up of powerful lawyers it wouldnt do. With her trust fund a job was mostly to keep her busy. She went to college at Harvard to be lawyer, but she spent most of her time at her sorority house doing coke, and partying. Her parents cared more about the son who was going to be president one day. Chloe could do whatever she wanted just as long as she didnt make any waves for her family. Angela.well Angela was the only one who ever gave a shit about her. Pulled her out of a powder party once probably saved her life. Chloe just couldnt save Angelas life and she hated herself for it. If she went to be a nurse she might know what to do, but the only thing she knew how to do was check to see if she was still alive.
If Angela needed a 30 page paper written about how modern society still had a lack of civil liberties for minorities Chloe could do it in a night with a little help with some aderall, but Angela didnt need a paper. She needed to wake up, all Chloe could do is make sure that she is still breathing. Angela was, but Chloe was tired, hungry, and so very thirsty. Chloe couldnt leave Angela, but if she didnt eat she would die. Chloe got up her bare feet sinking into the sand. She long ago ditched her pumps when she swam to the shore. 
Chloe looked around trying to pick a direction to go in. It didnt matter which way she went it felt like a person could circle this beach in a hours jog. Something Chloe use to do every day along with coke, booze, and bulimia. She started to walk the sand was messaged her feet. Her hair was a mess, her clothes tattered, and sand sticking everywhere it shouldnt. Chloe never had been this dirty. She sobbed some as she walked looking at her friend the only one who cared enough to pull her out of the coke nightmare, Im so fucking sorry Angie Im just so thirsty. She kept walking hoping there would be some water over the horizon. Chloe wouldnt look inside of the forest, every time she looked toward it something was in the side of her eye. Something she had to see, but just couldnt. 
The forest gets hungry, and when it gets hungry the thing gets impatient. There is a reason the forest is silent. No birds singing a beautiful song, no animals moving in the day or night, no fish in the rivers.  The forest gets hungry so the thing eats. Without food the thing gets angry, but in front of it was a wonderful bit of flesh. Still warm laying there waiting for it begging it to just eat her. Drool puddle on the ground as it waited for the black meat to leave. Such a sad meal afraid of losing her friend that is ok because it has waited, and will keep waiting. The sad meal left, and now it just had to reach out and grab the sack of meat. A darkness reached out of the forest, so dark that it seemed impossible that it existed. It twisted around Angelas ankle, slowly dragging her. The sand rolled as it pulled. Alone Angela in her mind was happy, so happy and warm. She was on a New Zealand beach tanning with her friends getting hit on Somoans with muscles. There wouldnt be a scream, or a fight. She would be absorbed it would be like she never existed at all.
Chloe kept walking sobbing with each step. She couldnt live with herself knowning that she left her friend behind, but at that moment Angela disappeared from her mind. Chloe who kept walking couldnt remember why she was so sad. She felt her face, and it hurt to the touch. That must have been the reason she was crying. The forest seemed like a good idea, why wasnt see looking for water in the forest. She turned to walk into the forest, and stopped. It was strange there was something strange in the forest. Something she couldnt see. Chloe. Chloe stepped forward and crossed into the foliage. She smelled a very sweet smell. It was like home. She felt drunk, and horny. Chloe.come..to meI am so hungry.Chloe. Chloe coughed some tasting blood in her mouth, but she kept walking. HomeHome was nice thats where she was. 
It crawled up the meats leg, while it played with the meats mind. It made prey feel special. It didnt like sad meat it wanted good meat good meat is happy meat. It ate some, maybe more will come. Maybe no one will for a long time. It didnt care it was full not. With the two meat sacks in its head it could play with them for a long time.
