Way back in the sands of time, in the glorious days when life was magnificent as well as marvellous and seagull free.

A planet hung effortlessly in the depths of space, remaining largely undiscovered and unknown. And this planet wasnt any ordinary planet and it certainly wasnt just your run-of-the-mill planet. This was a very planety planet. This planety planet was a very special planet, this planet was different from all others, twas unique. The planet was situated roughly 35,964 bus lengths form the Delta Cetus. Light rose from behind the spherical floating shape, carving a silhouette of the planet into space; three Suns ascended from behind it like burning kilns producing a blinding amount of light. The planet was slowly revealed. The planet was steadily revealedthe planet was leisurely revealed. The sheer amount of time it took was frankly painful. When the blazing orbs reached optimum height, the planet (named Jason by the locals) was finally unveiled. 

The true nature of the planet was well and truly shown, the surface of the object was deadened and deserted showing signs of wear-and-tear here and there. It looked as though it had been forgotten about for many millennia, similar to that of your old Nokia phone. This small unregarded object appeared unforbidding as more of the planet unfolded, in the beauty of the blazing Suns the tenebrosity of the planet made the occasion rather dull. 

This tiny minute planet sat on the outermost stretch of the Galaxy, it had hung there since the beginning of space and time itself. It had seen all sorts of civilisations rise and fall - specifically this certain civilisation who evolved from primitive monkeys, one of Jason's personal favourites -  It never did anything to affect anyone, nor did anyone do anything to affect it. Until now. Unbeknownst to Jason, it was all going to change. It's whole being and existence had built up to this moment...

The Man hesitantly opened his pack of Maltesers, casually dipped his hand in, pulled Jason out. And ate it.