(This is a shitty short story I wrote for school. I am by no means an expert, but I'm proud of this one and I wanted to share it.)




Deborah Chambers was tending to her garden when she heard the noise of a carriage covered in elegant designs. Four men dressed in chainmail defended its sides. Two impressive stallions trotted at a brisk pace, pulling the carriage along the dirt road leading into the town. Inside, hidden by a curtain, was a male figure whose features Deborah couldnt quite make out.  Deborah had heard mutterings of a royal meeting occurring at the Castle beyond their village. Deborah thought that this must be a prince of some sort, as his shadowy figure was far too lean to be a king. Her suspicions were confirmed when the carriage came to a halt and one of the large men stepped forward and shouted 
        
Make way for his highness Prince Mervyn

The man returned to his position and the townspeople evacuated the roads. As the carriage faded into the trees, Deborah longed for what it might be like to be a resident of the castle that loomed in the distance. As late-afternoon sun began to descend, Deborah was preparing to retire for the night. She had just put on her nightgown and noticed it had a large hole in it. Then she heard a knock at the door. 

Deborah, not expecting a visitor, opened the door slowly. Outside stood the same man clad in chainmail who cleared the path. He was holding a small envelope sealed in wax and held it out for Deborah. She pulled the door the rest of the way open and greeted him.

Ms. Chambers, He spoke suddenly. You are invited to the royal families welcoming party for the prince of Mauval. Deborah remembered the carriage from earlier. Details will be explained in the letter. He scanned Deborah in her ragged nightgown, judgingly, then continued. And a Pardoning for formal attire has been included. We expect to see you tonight. And with that, he handed the letter to Deborah.

Letter in one hand and the door in another, Deborah stood staring into the setting sun in awe. She would get a chance to visit the castle! Without hesitation Deborah retrieved her best gown and began her stroll to the castle. 

Upon arrival at the castle, the entrance was devouring many finely dressed individuals whose outfits made Deborahs gown look like her sleeping garbs. She entered, handing her invitation and pardon to the attendant, and was greeted by the massive ballroom. Fancy snacks sat on tables in the corner and sharp dressed men carrying platters of wine and various foods strolled around the room. For the most part, Deborah kept to herself during the party. The looks from the other guests made her uncomfortable, and she knew that it must have been some sort of error that she was invited. After a few drinks and sampling the snacks Deborah felt the need to relieve herself. She made her way through the crowd towards the hallway near the snack table. After grabbing one more drink from a tiered server who urged her to relieve him of the last glass on his plate, she made her way to the restroom. Halfway into the hallway she saw the face of a man. There was no mistaking it. He was the prince from earlier. His profile fit the bill of that which she saw in the carriage earlier. He was the most handsome person that Deborah had ever seen. Deborahs heart felt like it was going to burst out of her chest. She had fallen in love, and knew that he must be hers. He continued past the hallway and Deborah gave chase. Upon turning the corner however, her prince was gone. 

In the bathroom Deborah formulated a plan. She heard tales of a woman on the edge of town with magic powers who could make or break people with a wave of her hand. Shed heard of the time she saved the crops during the freak coldsnap several years ago. However, there were also tales of people dropping dead or going mad for no apparent cause. The strange thing was, these people had always wronged someone. Those who were wronged always said that they didnt do it. One time though, a nervous child who was caught dropping a strange liquid in his father's cup squealed, changing everyone's take on these mysterious disappearances. 

It was a witch, He said. What followed was a ruthless hunt through the city for the culprit. The search sent them to the forest on the outskirts of town. Those who went there, never came back. Since then, there have been no more mysterious happenings and nobody in the town spoke of the house that can just barely be seen through the autumn trees. 
    
After the party Deborah ventured to through the foggy forest world. The shack could only be described as old but new. It very had seen better days. Foliage wrapped around the railings of the deck before disappearing into the depths of the crawl space under the house. The outside walls were stained from years of defending its resident from the elements. Despite all of this however, it was entirely in tact. There were no signs of repairs, and there was no wear or tear anywhere. Not even the slightest loose nail or missing roof tile sullied the perfection that was its form. 

Deborah knocked on the hardwood door and to her surprise it swung to a slightly ajar position. After waiting a few moments for a response she ventured further inside. It looked like a typical village home. Instead of where various knick-knacks and decor would be, however, strange objects littered the shelves and tables. A rusted iron gauntlet with sharp fingertips lay on a glass table. Next to it was a bowl filled with oddly shaped rocks that seemed to cling to the edge of the bowl. On the shelves that stood between two intricate decorative masks was an entire row of dolls that looks like people. They were made mostly of wood, and were donned in crude cloth  that just barely resembled clothing. On the second to last shelf was a doll that reminded her of her beloved prince. She crouched to examine it further when a grating feminine voice sounded behind her.
Can I help you with anything my dear? The voice said. 

Deborah turned sharply to face a small old woman in an evening gown. Her face resembled a rotten fruit but she herself looked to be anything but rotten. Her hair was well-kempt but frilled out into curls at the end. She was short, and wore an evening gown that seemed to be several sizes too large for her. She stepped forward and introduced herself

My name is Eris, welcome to my home. She said with a warm voice. Its been awhile since Ive had so many visitors in a single day, Is something special going on?

Deborah thought about the party but remembered who she was dealing with. But the sweet old woman couldnt possibly be an evil mastermind, could she? Deborah spoke up. Uh-h, I've heard that you have interesting things and came to see if they were for sale.

Eris grinned. Oh, I have many things for sale, are you looking for something in particular? Dont worry, I have items for all of your needs.
    
The way she emphasized all made Deborah loosen up a bit, but didnt help to ease her anxiety of being in a witches home. Wanting to leave as soon as possible, she decided to tell her about her situation. How she swore that it was meant to be. Eris nodded while Deborah dragged on about how she needed help in winning his heart before finally shushing her. I have just the thing. She said, before disappearing into the back room.

Eris came back with a small vial of clear liquid and explained. This vial will cause anyone who drinks it to become infatuated with the first person they lay eyes on. 

Deborah was torn between her morals and her desire to be with the prince. In the end, her desires won out and she paid the hefty, but fair price for the vial and started on her way out. Before she left Eris said one last thing Oh, and if the drinker ever discovers that they were bewitched the spell will wear off. So be careful.

Back at the castle in the middle of the night, guards stood around the perimeter of the castle. Deborah, with her conveniently colored dress, stuck to the shadows and made her ways around the guards. From there it was a leisurely stroll across the empty castle halls to the prince's room, or so she thought. Around one of those turns, two guards sat idly chatting in the hall. Moonlight shone through the windows on the floor at their feet, leaving no shadows for a stealthy approach. It was after she saw an open window on the opposite side of the hall that she hatched a plan. Knowing that there was no turning back, she quietly opened the window in the hall adjacent to her foes and climbed out of it onto the narrow rim of window sil. Deborah shimmied her way to the corner of the castle and immediately realised the flaw in her plan. Her shadow would be projected directly onto them when she passed over it. She threw herself down and held for dear life onto the edge of the castle. If it was anytime for her hard working hands to pull through, it was now. She swung across the gap to the second ledge and grabbed with one of her hands. She quickly brought over the second one and ceased her swinging. Deborah made her way slowly across the ledge, hoping that those beyond it wouldnt notice the fingers outside. Now, it came down to one more swing to the next window. Deborah began to swing, but her fingers finally gave out and she released slightly early. She desperately flailed her feet and found a foothold in a decorative swirl in the side of the castle. She gave her fingers a brief rest, but as her foot began to slip, she pushed off the wall and grabbed the edge of the windowsill. Hastily, she managed to pull herself back in. Deborah scrambled up to the side of the window and made herself flush with the wall as to not to risk any unnecessary shadows. She took a deep breath and stepped over to the next window. She made her way around the next corner before returning inside through the open window. After checking to see if the guards were alerted, Deborah continued her quest.

Who was it but the prince that she saw retreating into a room after she turned the corner, luckily, leaving it slightly ajar. She waited with her ear to the door for the sound of his sweet silence. After several minutes of nothing, she entered. On the end table sat a glass of water. Deborah slowly opened the vial and poured its contents inside. Now all that was left to do is wait until dawn to appear before a lovestruck prince. Deborah decided that she would hide in the closet. So she made herself at home among the fancy coats and shirts and waited. For several hours she stared into space until she began to grow tired. She decided she would take a nap. So she sat down, but noticed a strange moving underneath her. Upon Inspection she noticed a hatch bending under her weight.

Curious, she opened the hatch, taking care to not make too much noise. It was too dark to see what was inside, so Deborah felt around for something. Her hand fell upon a leather bound book. She opened it up and began to read. It was a journal, probably the princes. The first couple of entries were boring accounts of mundane events that confirmed that this book indeed belonged to the prince. It wasnt until she got to the latest entry that it started to get interesting. 

Dear Diary,

Today on my way to the castle I say the most beautiful girl Id ever seen. She was in a small village tending to her garden and from the moment I saw her I knew she had to be mine. In order to make sure I won her heart I visited the local witch and purchased myself a love potion. I also found a great little doll that looked exactly like the girl from the village. I made sure that she attended my party today. I had my server wait next to the bathrooms for her arrival. He told me he gave her the drink but when she saw me in the hall like I planned she just stopped and stared off into space. I had urgent business to attend to so I couldnt stick around to see if it worked. I doubt it even did. Stupid witch conned me! Ill have her head for this! 

The realization came rushing to Deborah . What she thought was love at first sight was actually the bewitching of a love potion. She immediately regretted her decision to come here. She now saw the prince for what he really was, an entitled brat with no sense of morality. To be fair she did do the same, but she was under the potions spell. Deborah remembered the doll and searched under the hatch for it. She grabbed a wooden doll that was no doubt from the witchs hut. It was true, it looked just like her. In her panic Deborah forgot to slowly close the hatch and it slammed shut. Knowing what this would mean Deborah burst out of the closet to see the prince launch out of bed. It must have been too dark for him to see her because he shouted for the guards that there was an assailant in his room. 

Deborah, still clinging to the doll opened the latch on balcony doors and leaped through them. As she vaulted over it to descend the castle walls, She simultaneously felt a tug at her hand and a sharp pain in her leg. The doll was yanked from her hand by a loose nail on the balcony. She immediately made the connection. She had heard about this before, a magic doll that does to its likeness whatever is done to it. She would have left it, but this new knowledge made her question leaving it in the hand of the prince. 

So Deborah grabbed the doll and tucked it under her arm. Even though carrying it down would make descending the wall more complicated she didnt want to know what would happen if it took to big of a fall. Before she could even start on the way down, the same guards from earlier burst through the doors. They immediately locked eyes with Deborah. The prince was shouting at them to not let her get away. Deborah was still in agonizing pain but needed to act. She looked down and saw an opportunity to drop safely into some thick brush a few lengths away. Getting to a spot where she could make the dive would mean hopping across ledges again. The guards were nearly to the balcony. Deborah had to move. She used her good leg to kick off of the balcony railing. She landed on the ledge and stumbled a little on the landing. The guards, who actually had something to lose, decided to catch her at the next balcony instead of chasing her. She looked down again and noticed another balcony directly underneath her. The guards opened to door to the room she was outside and gave chase once again. Deborah took a chance and dropped to the balcony below her. The landing only amplified the pain in her leg and she screamed. Fueled by adrenaline, she pushed onward and leaped to the next balcony. Then the next. And finally she was to the point where she could leap to safety. Deborah dived into the brush and waited, exhausted. There was the occasional footsteps and blabber about an intruder, but Deborah was too tired to continue. She fell asleep in the bushes and waited for the morning. 

When the morning came Deborah was still clutching the doll and she was still in pain. She left the bushes and limped to the edge of the forest. There, she came across the witch's house once again. She could've sworn that her house was in the opposite direction but that didnt matter. She had a plan. She barged in and headed straight to the stack of dolls on the bookshelf. She found the princes doll and took it in her hands. It was then that the witch rounded the corner and stared at Deborah. The messy cloths, damaged doll, and bloody leg spoke for themselves. After an exchange of glances the witch finally said. You can take it, no charge Referring to the doll Deborah was clutching angrily in her hand. With that, she left and returned home.

As she watched the doll of the prince slowly turn to charcoal in the fireplace she knew that the prince was probably suffering as she had. She slept easy that night knowing that she had won. And in the morning, when word had spread of the Prince of Mauval had spontaneously combusted she relished in the fact that his rotten self would never manipulate anyone ever again.
