After a long day came my darkest night. My despair was welling inside me. It felt as though it were trying to tear it's way through my skin. Sinking into old habits, my tears spilled as my blood flowed. My silent cries sent subconscious prayers, and fear and regret brought me to a disturbed sleep. 
     
When I woke the next morning I heard a whimpering groan, quiet at first but growing into an agonized scream that cut into my bones. I sat upright and saw a figure in the corner, crouched down holding it's head with back heaving. Not knowing what to do, I just watched. I didn't realize it at the time but this was my private Hell incarnate, brought on by the distress I was in the night prior. 
    
 It was naked and a solid pitch black color. The blackness had motion to it, but like an optical illusion in that it only moved if you didn't focus directly on it. When you did, it seemed like staring into a pit so deep there couldn't be a bottom. It had a body that looked like mine, but it lacked any real definition, though you could see where the muscles would be contracting. As I sat there watching, it turned and stared at me, screaming. It looked like me, but seemed to have the same darkness that covered its body stretched over the face like a thin sheet. The way the features were contorted into rage and hurt terrified me. 
    
 I tried to crawl backwards away from it, but was stopped by my headboard. The thing got up, jumped onto my bed, and landed on all fours, it's face mere inches from mine. It radiated a cold heat that came off in heavy waves. After several minutes of neither of us moving I slid out of my bed, careful not to touch it. I carefully made my way out of the room, not taking my eyes off the thing until the door was latched. 
    
 I turned to run, but it was right there again, it's face practically against mine. But it's face was upside down. I fell and looked up to see that it's whole body was upside down. I got up and tried to run, but this time it followed me, twisting in the air, going in circles around me, never more than a few inches from my face. The whole time it was making noises that ranged from a sobbing whimper to an animalistic shriek. I ran until I realized it wasn't hurting me. It couldn't touch me.
     
Since then I have learned I'm the only one who can see it. It doesn't go away and it never leaves me alone. Sometimes it will whisper things to me. Things about the people around me, or things I should do. Other times it just yells. Other times still, it just stands there, not making any noise at all. It's just making sure that I know it's there. What used to just be in my head is now externalized. It's been like this for about a month now and I'm breaking down. Everyone thinks I'm going crazy because they can't see what's going on. Sometimes I think they're right. I don't know where to go from here.