I knew many people who would have liked to have lived forever. But I will say right now that it is not what a person wants, regardless of what they thought prior.
I can't die. I lost count of my age a long time ago. Disease cannot touch me. Bullets or poison do not kill me; I would know from my own suicide attempts. I experienced them both from myself, and others.
I do not like being a god. I don't proclaim myself to be one, but it's certainly how others looked at me.
Now, everything comes to an end, with me being the only one left.
I do not know how I will maintain sanity alone. It is hell already.
I found our planet quite interesting. Humanity's downfall was their own arrogance and foolish wars. I was always called upon to advise the world's greatest leaders, only for them to tell me off when they discovered my suggestions and concepts were outside of their best interest.
I have attempted suicide many times, and in many ways. Each and every time failed. The doctors and scientists never could, or rather, DID find out why. I wish to know myself, but it's too late.
It's been an interesting run, but I've more than had my fill of life's luxury and depravity. Unfortunately, I've no choice but to suffer, and this time without aid. 
Here's the funny thing. As I reflect over the eons, I remember something. More civilizations destroyed themselves than anything else. We rebuilt, colonized, or reformed each and every time, yet it had the same ending each and every time.
Had we learned to get along, I'm not sure what would have happened. There would be hundreds, or even thousands more civilizations, and yet it all would have ended the same.
So here I am, floating through this lifeless vacuum. The last black hole has collapsed on itself. I cannot die. And because I have so much time, an endless amount, in fact, this is the reason I have decided to reflect. And I ask myself, I ask (rather I WOULD ask) humanity: what difference would the avoidance of our self destruction have meant? Nothing. Take this as you will.