Sam remained faithful to the old sound of mono records. Spectors wall of sound still resonated to his ear and thought to himself that this is music as it should be while taking a nice long drag from his half done cigarette. This was the best cigarette of the day. The first of many at the bar, alone, after a long day that went by so well. But this one came with the second drink of the night. The first is only to provide taste. The second brings in the feeling of calm, of everything being as it should be. But with without the cigarette, it wouldn't make any difference.

The bar stool was comfortable enough and he was glad his hands were at the right height so he could relax and just focus on the two most important things in his life right now, the straight whiskey in his hand and the Marlboro in the metallic ashtray to his left. A somber light made things even more pleasant. Bright enough to see the whole place but the smoke and the sweat in the air dimmed it down to a comfortable atmosphere. You could see anything that mattered in a bar. Silhouettes of people walking to their tables, sitting down. But no faces. It was impossible to see their faces in here. You could say they did it on purpose. Most people just sat with their heads down facing either their glass or their friend in silent conversation. Only the TV which was on had a clear face. Some newscaster going on about a story of a fire in a neighboring state, tuned down so no one could hear it and not to disturb Etta from her song. Nobody except Sam notices. The barman never noticed since he always had his back to the TV, serving drinks and cleaning glasses, the rest were going on about their business. Two dead from the fire. The firemen still pumping as much goddamn water in the flame as possible to tame it. Meanwhile two states west there is a drought. This fucking life. What a terrible design. A game of pool was played behind Sam, played by the same two idiots every night as if their only reason to exist is to miss their shots every time just to make enough noise to provide a heartbeat to this place. They never got better in the months that they frequented this joint.  

Exotic liqueurs from God knows where added colour to this place. Blue or red coloured drinks for the ladies or the occasional queer that came to the place. They were the only ones the straws were used for. Martinis for the women, always with an olive inside them, as if it made any real difference. Lying broads he thought to himself. They think that small things like that can hide the truth. They want a good old-fashioned drink just like anyone else, but put a little umbrella on it and it's just something else now. It almost angered him. A disrespect to simplicity.

 The vodkas were the nice bright bottles, a clear drink with enough force to help you through winter. Makes sense the commies drink it. The whiskeys were dark, brown bottles with black labels, made in the land of the Blues. Drunk by workers and men of swamps, hills, rivers, and lakes. Unlike the commie drink, it had a purpose. Vodka only kicked you, whiskey helped you. You want to have fun? You drink vodka. Straight up or with some flavour. Doesn't really matter, the booze will get to your head especially if movement is involved. You want to enjoy your drink? You take whiskey and you add some ice. But not tonight. Tonight it was whiskey. Plain, simple and no malarkey. I'm not drinking commie shit he said to the barkeep pulling out another cigarette. If there was any anger to his tone the guy didn't notice it. Just another customer. Regular bar-fly taking his order. Same as it has been for months now. Whiskey in a glass with the whole bottle waiting for him.  

Good music and the simple things in life were enough to help him sense a slight tingle of joy in him. Had you asked him right now if he were a happy man he would, without hesitation tell you Shit yeah man. Sure Im happy. Got my drink and everything. The thought made him smile but no one could notice in here and took another sip of the whisky. It was cheap stuff, good only to get you drunk so that you eventually go home and come back tomorrow. It offers you no pleasure unless you make it give it to you.
But he loved the place, especially considering it had the same name as him: Sams. The truth of the matter was that there never was a Sam from where the place took its name. The owner, Stacy, a hopeless romantic just happened to love the movie Casablanca so much she would judge if she liked you or not by asking you whether you shared her sentiments about the movie. If not, don't expect a smile with that drink. He took some pride every day when he walked in. Things make sense now he smirked. Sam is here, the place is now rightfully called Sams. Stacy wasn't in tonight. No regular faces here. Just good old Sam and the barman who even after so many months never learned his name. Nice guy. Know how to serve a drink without spilling it but more importantly isn't asking questions. Knows his place. Probably a teetotaler. Ironic and a shame. 

Every so often he tried to build up the courage to tell that joke to Stacy about him being the rightful owner. He grew quite fond of her even though she was cool with him. Sam hadn't seen Casablanca. He claims to just prefer the music of the era and not it's cinema. Stars were always so full of themselves. They would show their faces, their bodies, tell us how better looking they were compared to us or our women. But musicians were never like that. True musicians. They offered us their creation and we were free to do whatever we wanted with it. We could turn it on, or off. We could let it help us calm down or we could screw with it in the background. It certainly was not about them. There was no way a record could judge you or be condescending.  It was always about their art. I sound like a fucking philosopher he said mumbling while taking a drag from another Marlboro. I just enjoy music. What more is there to it?

Sams spot was was always at the rightmost end of the bar, next to the jukebox which was weirdly always playing and you could just choose the next song if youd put in a coin. A nice collection of all the girl bands that Sam loved where in there, the Ronettes, the Supremes, The Fontane Sisters, every major record of the wall of sound era. Spectors era. It reminded him of the droning noise that would put him to sleep coming from the apartment next door where he grew up in. The neighbor, a black woman in her twenties, a student of some sort, would always play those records. Sometimes even sing to them and without her knowing would put Sam to sleep almost every night. Often she would volunteered at the local church ration. She would slice the onions and potatoes for the soup kitchen and help serve the food to the homeless who would gather at supper time eager for something to eat and feel a little warmth from a closed space. A real sweetheart. Her name was Lana. She had a boyfriend who would pick her up every Saturday and they would go catch a movie together and then go dancing. Even at the age of seven little Sam approved of him as if he was protecting her. Then one day Sam saw a truck parked outside the apartment building where they lived. She was going back home, it was almost summertime and she had completed her studies. She got a job as a nurse back in Arkansas and was moving in with her boyfriend. It saddened him to see someone so happy. But it was over before you knew it. That night Sam hated the silence. It was then that he realised that the busy street during the day was forgotten till dawn by all cars and pedestrians. There was no heartbeat at night. 

It was after a couple of days of moving around in the bed sheets that Sam went to the local music store and bought his first record. It was a blues record by Mississippi John Hurt. Just him and a guitar singing about things Sam could never understand, but his voice was enough to sooth him into a nice sleep. Now he feels bad knowing that Mississippi was singing about the pain of his people who were slaves or sons of slaves working hard for a half-decent oatmeal back at the Delta. He had actually hoped it was gospel or soul but he couldn't tell one record from another. He just saw a nice cover with the black man on it, guitar in hand, smiling for the camera. It had to be it. Well it wasn't. This was something different. Something new. It wasnt bad, just not what Lana played for him and it would take him a couple of weeks to collect enough to buy another record. This time it would be with a girl on the cover. He made sure about that.

Slowly then the collection was built, every place he occupied was quite bare from any possessions. Still is actually. Dreadful place the one he stays at, that's why he is here now. A nagging landlord and foreigners for neighbors. Hey, They got a jukebox here, so if they didn't close shop late at night there wouldnt be any point to going home.

Another sip and another drag. The smoke he exhaled came straight to his face this time. A breeze from the open door signifying a new patron came in since he heard no footsteps walking out. A couple actually. Now there is a rare sight. A man and a woman sitting at a table together already knowing each other from before. No trick, no meet and casual fuck. They were lovebirds. He was tall with glasses, thick rimmed, an old nerd whos got a comfy life now punching in somewhere and she was just average, exactly like him. Black long hair, simple coat, cheap but elegant, no jewellery, just a little pearl on her neck. They were a good match. They didn't annoy Sam. No giggles and embarrassed smiles, they came in, sat down and ordered something carrying on showing affection to each other. Didn't ruin the atmosphere. 

For some reason those two piqued Sams interest and he delicately spied on them by glancing at the big mirror behind the bar to look at their table. It was weird. They didn't pay much attention to their glasses even though they were on their second serving by now. But they cared more about each other's faces than what was right in their hands. Losers, can't even appreciate something beautiful when is right in front of them. Probably trying to make up for lost time when their faces were buried in books somewhere. Maybe Nebraska. From one hellhole to another. And they didn't even smoke. Why do I even care?. It probably was the cold from the door that made him shiver for one moment too much, enough to bring him back from his memories into the real world. Perhaps he now hated the guy with the glasses for doing that to him. Pencil neck yuppie, if he had any decency he would buy me the next one. He had lost count by now. This is the real point to drinking, losing count. From now on no matter how many he had it wouldnt make any sort of difference. He drank to that. 

The night was finally getting interesting. The anger flushed away from him almost as fast as it came over him. Off it went with the smoke from his nostrils. Cleansed by tar and nicotine. 

Fuck this, Im going home. Put on my tab, Ill be seeing you tomorrow he said as he staggered off from his chair, drunk from feet up, the walking pushing the alcohol to his head making him miss a couple of step even before he reached the door. The music had stopped though, there was no exit music for him to walk out with. He search his pockets for coins, to put something appropriate but he couldn't even remember a single song right now, still he searched. He moved his head up and saw Thick Rims get up and put a coin in. It was Sarah Vaughan. Yeah, that would do. 

He walked out into the chilly night and started walking to his place. Only a couple of blocks away. Good pace, no staggering, open spaces were easier to walk on than closed. The alcohol only hit him once every night and then it was just an aftershock which he could deal with. Nothing new here. He took out another cigarette, the last one of the pack. Fucking poetic no? Im gonna hate me in the morning for doing this and he lit it. 

He started walking again, nice guy he thought. And that girl with him wasnt too bad either he added aloud with a grin, mocking himself. 
