---Before reading my story---
I am currently a 15 year old living in Canada, this story will be submitted to my local library next Monday in a competition.

The story must remain below 1250 words, which is the primary reason the ending lacks details.

Any comments about Grammar, Punctuation, or general tips for this story will be appreciated.

____________________________________________________
Clirview, Maine. The town was once blooming, people occupying the streets, there were vendors and merchants, people walking through the streets talking, it was great. The city was originally established because of a new factory, many families moved into town and the men got jobs at the factory, everyone lived a happy, worry free life, eventually the factory got older, stopped making money and closed, many people lost their jobs and had to move away. Well, that was the story the Forbes heard over 100 times from his mother, it was a town where little happened, and the little over three thousand people living there, didnt do anything interesting, Forbes had always been fascinated by the big cities, hed never visited one, but always told himself that when he was 21, he would move to a bigger city and find a job, but that was still seven years away, he was only 14.


Forbes had two best friends, Pete and Neil, in the small town, there werent any arcades, no shopping malls to hang around, Forbes and his friends bought a game console online for entertainment, but they would get bored after playing on it for more than a couple hours. But one thing that there was plenty of in Clirview was abandoned buildings from the once flourishing town. Forbes and his friends had explored almost every abandoned building in town. They found something so intriguing about the buildings, they even set up a tent in the old town hall, they would go often to talk or just hang out. There were few things they hadnt explored in the town, an old department store just a mile north up the road, the factory which would take at least 15 minutes just to bike to from Forbes house, and the oldest looking building in the municipality, an old funeral home, they tried to explore the funeral home before, but were too scared to actually enter once they arrived.


The factory. The factory was one of the oldest buildings of the town, although it still looked in very good condition considering it was almost 100 years old, Forbes was always told it just had to shut down due to lack of funding, or manpower, he couldnt remember. Forbes and his friends would often come up with scary or funny stories as to how the factory actually closed, but never doubted that the factory closed due to funding.


On a regular Saturday in spring, Forbes and his friends were just chatting in the tent they had set up in the abandoned town hall, they finally decided to explore the factory despite their mothers many warnings that it could be dangerous, the factory was pretty big so they decided to only search a part of it on that particular day. They would have to find an entrance, there was a fence surrounding the factory all the way around, but many holes had been cut into it from what Forbes would assume was other people, they searched a while and found that there was a window that was broken out that looked to lead into an office, the window faced away from the town and the road that lead into town, it was facing toward a small mountain. Now that they found an entrance, all they had to do was go grab their bag, it was Neils turn to carry it, inside the bag was water, Three masks that covered their mouth and nose, rope, band aids, some snacks, and a knife They didnt think there was much use for the rope, but it made them feel like experts.


And so they entered the factory, the first room was the office, not much to it, it was a fairly small room. the paint on the walls was fading and falling off, papers scattered all over the floor, old messages and letters, and there was a desk, it was plain, it looked as though if someone were to sit on it, it would break apart. They followed the only door leading out of the office they were now in a barely lit room, Forbes told Neil to grab the flashlight out of their bag, after a few more seconds Forbes asked again


Neil?


Theres no flashlight, we mustve forgotten it.


Oh, okay. I guess its no big deal, we can still see a little bit


I think we should just go grab it


Neil, we walked almost an hour to get here, and its almost 3, we dont have time


I guess, we have to be careful though



And so they continued, they were trying to find the control room, in the hallway, the light was getting darker and darker, Forbes reassured his friends he could still see well, theyd seen many rooms, some seemed like changing rooms with lockers, some more small offices, they even found a primitive computer, which mustve been installed in the final years before the closure of the building, they were becoming more impatient, the hallway was almost pitch black now, Forbes checked his watch and it was just only 3:15, only 15 minutes, it seemed much longer, they continued watch and reached a turn in the hallway, towards the right, after the turn, the hallway became even darker, Forbes continued walking without hesitation, he really wanted to find the control room


Forbes?


Pete?


I think we should leave for today, we really need a flashlight, I can barely see.


I already told you, I can see pretty well.


Im stopping, Ill wait here for you if you want to keep looking until 4.


Okay, I wont be long, Ill just see if I can find it, Ill come get you if I find something interesting!



Neil decided to stay with Pete, leaving Forbes alone to continue searching, after about 10 more minutes of searching, he saw something along the wall that looked different than the usual doors theyd been walking by for a while now, he stood in front of something different, he couldnt see well, so he stuck his hand forward, it felt cooler than the other ones this one was also made of some type of metal, he noticed the door was twice as wide as regular doors, and there was a small opening big enough to fit his arm. He thought maybe it was the control room! He was so excited and got a grip and opened it, it was a sliding door. Forbes was so excited to have finally found it, he pretty much ran in. His stomach dropped, his feet no longer had any grip, and suddenly, there was an large impact on his back into his chest, he couldnt move.


An hour later, Forbes still hadnt returned, Neil and Pete decided to return to town without him and tell the police about his disappearance, the police searched the factory and on the first day, discovered Forbes had fallen to his death down an old elevator shaft.

