It was not until four months into my stay in Dorchester, working as but a humble banker, that I found myself in a bit of a queer predicament; one that I am certain would change the pace of my day to day drastically, and profoundly. A bank had been opened in Dorchester in the spring of 1659, and considering my father was responsible for its financing, it was quite a simple task for me to become employed at this establishment. I spent my days there counting coins and bills, taking deposits and the like. The property that father had left for me to occupy before his return to London was a meager, poorly built cabin; simply a moldy wooden box. Every morning at about dawn, the faint clatter of horse hooves would greet my ears, and culminate just outside my door; my daily carriage, to deliver me the seven miles from my fog-blanketed moor, to the sweeping marble steps of the Dorchester bank. The drive was always a delight, as a huntsman I found myself keen to the wondrous, dreary landscape. There sat a graveyard, no more than two miles from the edge of the town, that I found a peculiar ease within, and each time we would pass, I could breathe gently and easy as if I had been laid to rest myself. 

I was certain I was being stalked on these drives, but by what? Like a knife, my senses so keen, so acute, that it was no trouble in the least to notice at first these strange aberrations, fluttering and darting just outside my vision on brisk, March mornings, just before dawn in that rickety carriage. I caught faint visions of its ragged furor perhaps feathers from the corner of my eye before it darted between the twisted, knotted trees of the moor. I simply thought nothing of it; my internal huntsman was scarcely afraid of man or beast alike, so why should some phantom cur give me pause? I would see it from time to time in the mornings, perhaps twice in a week,  I would call to my driver too late each time, the thing just outside of my vision had relaxed into the shadows, completely invisible now. 

I began to see it on in the evenings in my third month, around the ides, and in the space around my home, as the sweet warm sunlight was nigh about to tuck under the edge of the Earth. As I was preparing my supper, from the window just above my bed I could see a massive black blob moving through the tar-thick fog several hundred meters out. But did I bat a single lash? Of course not; the huntsman in me was too proud a fool.

A fortnight from the last occurrence on the ides I found myself woken by a faint scratching against the wall beside my head. A wood worker perhaps, whittling away at the sturdy logs of my home? Surely not. As I lie, the scratching grows loud and clear as this nights midnight sky. Could it be that ash-black specter? I was not worried in the least, for I found ease in falling back into a deep, treacherous slumber. In the morning I resumed my life as usual, and paid no mind to the happenings of the previous night. My driver noted to me some carvings on the side of my home, and asked if I had done them myself; the old fool must have been going mad.

The night following the scratching returned, and jerked me from a terribly deep sleep to the waking world. It persisted a bit longer than the last, and slowly moved around the perimeter of my home. Again I paid them no mind, and drifted back into a soft sleep. When morning came, so did the carriage, and off I went to the bank to sort bills and coins, to take deposits and the like. The driver, a usually discreet and collected individual seemed quite shaken, was compelled to thrill my fancies with tales of local disappearances; of young farm maidens and homeless drunkards going missing with scarcely as much as a single trace. The old fool seemed to think that the cause was a group of individuals so daring as to use the aid of witches and black magic to transform themselves into terrible wolfish monstrosities; what an oaf.

Had the scratching returned the following few evenings I could not rightly recall, for I had slept clear through the night, completely uninterrupted. Come morning, I did however notice that the door to my home was slightly off its hinge, as if it had been pried on from the bottom. I stared with a blank contention at the mangled bottom corner of my door for but a single moment, and then was about my day. I found myself worried for some inexplicable reason from then on; my banking duties seemed to tax me more than typical, and I took an early leave that Thursday morning. I returned home in the broad, warm daylight to seek rest from whatever was plaguing me. I starred diligently into the moor, scanning for any sight of lurking blackened shadows. As the carriage slowly approached my home, I noted what the old fool must have perceived as carvings on the side of my home; deep, wounding gashes on the wood in all directions around my window. A long chill ran from my buttocks to the base of my skull. Before the driver went on his way back to the town, I sought his aid in pushing my heavy oaken bed to the opposite corner of my little box. Before his departure, he warned of the impending full moon, and gave me heed to its splendor. We shared a stern gaze for what seemed like minutes before I swallowed what little fear had welled up inside my throat, and retired for the evening.

I was ripped from a death-like sleep no more than six hours from that point by the sound of gnashing teeth, and a howl that chilled me to my core. I was as certain than as I had even been before; It was nearly upon me. I was barely just beyond his reach, but I knew my stench was well inside his lungs. I was trapped, as if a lobster within a pot. It slid along the perimeter of my little home, snarling and snapping its yellowed teeth as it circled. I stood perfectly still. As perfectly as a man shaken to the epicenter of his very being could be. He could taste me. There was no doubt now in all the world that this abhorrent creation was circling me as a buzzard circles a corpse; but time was my ally--nay, perhaps my greatest foe! For hours it crept; For just before nightfall to clear after midnight and as the moon leisured along the ebony blackness I could catch a glimmer of this monstrosity as it trotted past the window. For what reason did it waiver? Surely it could smell me; the foul stench of fear and guilt rose violently from me, as if a wave.  Surely it could hear my quaking heart! 

Around three hours before dawn there was a silence. No longer could I hear a snarling. Its slow, methodical draws of breath from its nose could scarcely be found. Where had it gone? Was I free of this nightmare? I dare not relax myself; cables of a bridge could speak not to my tension. What seemed like hours passed again as I keep myself firm and steady, and the moon skates beyond my view, lowering its head for the remainder of the evening. I gasp. The door before me creaks gently against the frantic beating of my chest. Had it returned? My head shuddered violently as I collapse to my knees. The door continuing to swing gently open. There it was! The black maw of that terrible thing! Fragrant steam curled from its nostrils. I began to sob violently. It was upon me! In half of an instant the door before me flung from its hinges, as this beast so abhorrent slid its slender, bony daggers around my shaking globe, and plucked me from this Earth.