"SQUIRE! Fetch me my horse! Im going out hunting!"

"Yes sire!" 

Lousy, ungrateful, stupid bastard. Squire? Fucking squire? Jesus man you know my name, Im Perry, like I tell you every fucking day. And dont even get me started on the hunting. Hunting? Why dont you just describe it accurately and call it seating your fat ass on the back of that poor sop of a horse and forcing it to canter round your shitty little forest, while you giggle with glee at the delightful experience of bouncing up and down. And all the while youre accompanied by a large band of trumpeters, making absolutely sure every single animal with a brain has enough time to hear this ludicrous ensemble of idiocy, pack up its family, maybe have a small bite to eat and move the fuck away. Quite frankly, anything stupid enough to be caught by this moronic party had it coming. If the hunting party didnt get them, an angry 6 year old with a small stick wouldve done the next morning. 

But Ive side-tracked. The more important debate here is how the fuck this man managed to become a knight. Id call him stupid but that would be an insult to uneducated peons everywhere. He is his own class of stupid, so far down the IQ scale he may have broken into previously unexplored realms of negative IQ. Oh, you think Im being mean? Maybe a bit overdramatic? Oh no no no. Let me explain. This is the man who, when getting out of a double bed, rolled over the wrong way to the other side of the bed and, rather than realise his mistake and either rolling the other way to escape the bed, or continuing his roll to reach the other side, shouted desperately for help, for he had lost the floor and was surely doomed. This is the man who picked up a sword from the wrong end and failed to understand his mistake. This is the man who put a helmet on his foot and complained when he couldnt walk properly. Please understand, my master is genuinely something else. Ive yet to theorise how he became a knight. Oh yes, his father was a knight and that grants him an easy ride to the role, but I am amazed that, after discovering that his son had the intelligence of a melon, his dear father hadnt pushed him to follow an alternative career path, something more appropriate to his level like, ooh I dont know, an early grave. 

Too far? Perhaps. But you dont have to serve under this infantile baboon. Every waking moment of my day is spent entertaining his every want and need, and oh boy does he have a lot of needs. Sometimes  and I wish I was joking  he struggles with wiping his own ass. Guess who gets that fantastic job? Thats right, Squire Perry, his faithful fucking assistant. Other highlights include: serving him his food; helping him eat his food; cleaning his food when he spills it on the floor, like the clumsy halfwit he is; cleaning his bed; cleaning his clothes; organising his equipment. Oh, and how could I forget, fetching his fucking horse when he wants to go on a fucking hunting expedition.

I should go, he might cry if he doesnt get his bloody horse soon. Ooh, that is a tempting prospect... but no. It wouldnt be obeying my fucking duty. I swear to fucking god. Pray for me, would you? 