I'm sitting in a fucking dropship once again. What am I doing here? I could have punched my ticket and been out of the corps for good. Why didn't I sign that stupid form? Well, I didn't. And now I'm here on a fucking dropship. Again.

My mind wanders to the last time that Brin and I were together. The tingly peppermint scent of tea tree shampoo still fills my head. Closing my eyes, I can remember every drop of water that dripped off of her face as we looked in each other's eyes through the steam. Her eyes are like swirling green marbles made directly from the waters of the Pacific. It was the first thing I noticed about her when we met at Louie's Pub two years ago. The steam inside the shower swirled around us as we held each other under the water's warm embrace. She pulled me closer, our breasts touching. FUUUUUCK! Why didn't I sign that goddamn form?

That day was three months ago, a few days before I was to ship out to Herotuma. A two year long tour on one of the Empires most desolate worlds. Most soldiers never make it back from the "Tomb". Lost to the cold and lifeless plains of war on some godforsaken planet that is the center of a tug-of-war between the Empire and the Collective. A gold-stamped letter and three cycle's pay to the next of kin is all we'll get for our service. This is my third tour. The eggheads say that a 3rd-timer has a 10% chance to make it through their next tour alive. Is this it for me? 

1st Sargeant Ramone is giving the squad her battle talk as we drop towards the LZ. I've heard many like it before. Listen up ladies and gents. Where youre going, theres no time for thinking. Only reaction. Thinking will get you killed. Your families will get a small black graphene box embossed with the corps insignia with whats left of your DNA. Theyll stand around holding each other, crying their eyes out, wailing to the heavens. Thats what thinking will get you. She paused for a dramatic effect that silently echoed up and down the line of the drop ship. I glanced at Ngona who was on his third tour as well. The second one with me as a fire mission support partner. He sits with his eyes closed, his gleaming bald black head tilted up and back, resting against the hull of the ship. What are you thinking Ngona? Do you have a Brin back home too?

Sarge continued with her lecture. You firsties, you watch how us multis do things. Dont think. Assess. React. Kill. Itll save you from becoming a lite snack for the Snakeheads. Because believe me, when they come for you, they dont see human. They don't see intelligent life. They see two things: enemy and food!

A loud retching, followed by a juicy splatter came from a firstie sitting two marines down. Looks like PFC Eisnel had noodles and carrots for breakfast. Thats right, get all that shit out now. Because in five minutes, when these doors open, there only be three things for you to do. And what are they?!" ASSESS! REACT! KILL!, we all shouted. Thats right goddammit!, co-signed the sarge.

I should have thumbed that damn form...