So this is another short story for my Religions class. It's supposed to be about Hinduism:
I was allowed to step through time in the same manner as light. Unconstrained by the usual chains of causality, I find myself at the base of the himalayan mountains, at a time before cars or planes existed. About 1500 BC I reckon. While walking through this wilderness, I was looking for water and came across a waterfall. As I approached the riverside to drink, I notice a man in the waterfall. He was sitting at the base with all the water falling onto him. He came out to greet me. He said he was training his body and his mind. I asked him to show me around, to tell me about himself. We started walking. He said that hes a teacher. That people ask him for wisdom. That he goes into the mountains to find silence, to still his mind and concentrate inwards. As we were walking, we came across a green plane where the cows went grazing. He said These are the most miraculous of creatures. As he approached a pile of cow dung. There were some mushrooms in the cow dung and he said These are their gifts to us, the soma. So we got some soma mushrooms from the cows, and we went on our way. We reached his hut and he used the mushrooms to make some tea. He said that the soma shows the spiritual path to those who seek it, and he asked me if I seek it. I said yes. I drank the tea, and so did he. 
I asked him about God, what he thinks of the concept, and what do the people around here believe. He said There are as many strains of thought on this subject as there are blades of grass among the cow dung. He said, There are those who believe in many deities. There are those who believe naught. There are those who believe that all the deities are one, and that we are its limbs and manifestations. That we are fingers of the hand that is vishnu, of the body that is brahma, the conglomeration of all that is.

At this point I started to feel a tingly sensation in my body. Mustve been the soma tea. I asked him about it and he said The soma will infuse you with energy, and then it will show you brahma.  I asked him So what do you have to offer to the tormented soul, he who asks you what path he should follow and how best to subside suffering?
He says The key to subsiding suffering is detachment. You must understand that the outcome of the situations which you care about is ultimately going to be decided by the constituents of matter, the gunas. You yourself are part of the gunas, but the gunas interact among themselves. The outcome of any situation is decided by the interaction of the gunas. To attach yourself to the outcome of your actions or the outcome of a situation, is to expose yourself to the possibility of suffering. One need only renounce the need for a particular outcome, and then, all anxiety relating to the situations disappears. It is a form of acceptance. You must accept that which the gunas bring into your life. It is impossible to impose your will upon the gunas, as it is impossible for the drops of water in the waterfall to resist their downward fall.
I say Thats pretty good. You should write that down. So in your view, our minds, our thoughts, are part of the gunas? Theyre like the droplets in the waterfall? 
 He says:Yes. Do you not believe me? If you doubt it, than try to sit down and think of nothing. You will not be able to. You will realize your mind is like a storm, with or without your consent,
I ask If our mind is like a storm or a waterfall, then what is the point in hating people? If they minds are like storms, should you not view your enemy with the same amount of malice as you might view a boulder thats about to fall down on you?
He says Exactly. I do not hate my enemy, as I do not hate the boulder that crushes my leg. I acknowledge its presence, and try to avoid it.  I also do not feel pride or shame, for they both ignore the role of the gunas.
As I sat there, I had a  profound realization of the truth this man spoke. I saw that even though this man used weird words like gunas, his way of viewing human nature is modern and scientific. He had managed to see the chain of causality, even with his limited knowledge about the world. He did not know any specifics about unthreading the chain of causality, he did not know about the neurons in our heads, and how the electrical impulses propagate through the web of neurons depending on the stimuli incoming from the senses. He did, however, understand the basic idea of this chain of causality, which is more than enough to develop his philosophy. I sat there, dreaming of droplets pushing one another, and falling down with the waterfall, and imagining the intricacies of the nervous system in a detail that this man could not. 

He started writing down things. He said I will write down a story about the conversation we had, about a young man seeking advice from a wise teacher. I will call this story the Bhagavad Gita.
And so it was that I had become part of history, by stumbling about in the wilderness and talking to a secluded sage somewhere on the southern side of the himalayas. 