(I haven't wrote any fiction in a LONG time, and this barely counts, as it took me 10 minutes and I don't know what to categorize it as. This is also my first attempt at this style. But regardless, here it is.)



This page is blank. 



How is this so? You ask yourself. There is clearly writing on the paper. By the conventional denotation of the very word, this page cannot be blank. You ponder. You ponder deeply. You study this conundrum.



Perhaps this single sheet of paper is simply a stand-in for your feelings, a medium for which to paint your deepest thoughts! It shall be the tome of knowledge over which you shall study. It will enable you to unlock the very meaning behind itself.



No, no. This cannot be right. The very idea is profound.



The page must have an author, you think. Whoever created this page gave it to you for a reason. It exists for you. This page exists to serve, it is the lantern you shall carry with you through your journey for meaning. You have been enabled to do something noble, you have been called to action!



You quickly dismiss the idea.



The page mocks you. It's meaning is somewhere, you know it. It's simply hiding from you. Yes, that is the key. It's some sort of cipher, of course! You must crack it's code to see the very meaning that lies within! Science is the hammer and chisel with which we will sculpt meaning from this page!



This is futile. You cannot deduce any sort of code from this page. 



The truth is, dear reader, this page was simply a surrogate to distract you from your fears. It was an elaborate ruse, you see. The page, in fact, was not blank! You dug so deeply to find its meaning, to find its purpose. To find why you came to possess it originally! In truth this page is not anything more than a wrinkled, dirty piece of printer paper, measuring 8 inches wide and 11 and one half inches long. Yet you convinced yourself that there was more to it. It was a noble effort, I must admit. 



But in the end, your mortal quandary is insignificant, and does not concern me. It is time for us to depart. Return now to your own story. A blank page awaits your return.