Location: Virginia. Time: Now.

It was the week after spring break, and I had returned to the piss filled place they call Eagle High. The halls were filled with the herd of know - it - alls, those who gave up mid way, and then people like me: the inbetweeners.

I sat down in Government class at the far right of the class. To my left, Austin sat down scratching at his poor grown beard with his nails that he probably didn't clip in months.

"Hey," Austin said as he scratched at his black heads.

"Howdy," I said as I opened my book, trying to find something to take my gaze away from his oozing pimples. There was something in the air that morning. I wasn't sure if it was pot, or an oil leak, or just my gut telling me something wasn't going right that day. Whatever it was, it would soon prove truthful.

Coach did his usual routine as he taught: Show us a video by John Green explaining what we were going to learn, then go on his computer and mutter to himself, then walk out of the class for 15 minutes and come back with nothing, then tell us randomly that a quiz or test was coming up. However, something changed right before class ended.
 
He was about to tell us something regarding homework, but he stopped as his eyes were glued to his computer. I wasn't sure if something political like Trump dropping out had just happened, or if there was some football related thing to make him stop in his tracks. But then I saw more of his emotions: He was shocked. Afraid. I knew then something was definitely wrong.

He looked up at us from his desk, the sea of children with their heads down as they gazed at their phones, completely unaware of what I just witnessed.

"C - coughs - class..." Coach said with no one listening. "There's been a -"
At that very moment, the intercom started beeping.

THIS IS A TORNADO DRILL....HUNKER DOWN...THIS IS A TORNADO DRILL

My class moaned at the thought of physical movement, but eventually we all hunker downed underneath our desks and held on for "dear life." The intercom stopped and I lost track of how long we were all underneath the desks. But however long it was, it felt too long. Austin tapped me on the shoulder, and I turned as much as I could without breaking my neck to see him.

"What do you think is going on?" He asked.

"I don't know. Probably just taking longer than usual," I said trying my best to reassure him. Austin nodded.

"Well, at least we -" Thank God the ceiling ripped off from above us because I really didn't want to hear the rest of Austin's sentence.

My class was screaming. For a second, I thought it could be because they were more concerned for their phones' safety, but then I looked up and realized why they were screaming. It wasn't a tornado. It wasn't a storm. Well, it was a force of nature alright. But, not our nature. It was a hand. A bony, long, monstrous hand. And at that very moment, we all began to really hold on for dear life.

The hand reached down and snatched some of the kids and desks and reached back up into the sky. I looked up in horror as I saw the creature. The giant mass of a creature, with the face I can only describe as a starfish mixed with an ant that had combined with a face from your nightmares. One second my fellow classmates were there, but one chew from the creature and then...they were gone.

I did what any sane person would do in that situation and booked the absolute hell out of the room. Austin followed shortly after, and although he wouldn't be my ideal companion - this is life and death. I'm not gonna leave him behind like some monster. I wasn't going to eat him like one either.

The roof above us started getting shredded as the creature was investigating more rooms. The lockers began to protrude out of their usual spots, almost knocking us over. We booked for the parking lot because I think we both saw way too many horror movies to realize you 1) Never stay in the same location as the villain, and 2) You get the hell out of the state!

I told him to get into my car as we ran towards it. I grabbed my keys from my pocket, and quickly got in and started the engine. I didn't fumble the keys (thank God), and I floored it out of the lot. Austin looked back at the school as it got demolished by the 40 story tall creature. He got a good look at it. It was red with black stripes around it, tentacles for it's hind legs, and a spine that spiked up, but didn't pierce it's skin.

"What the hell is that?!" Austin asked horrified.

"Why are you asking me?! I don't know!" I said as I drifted into the main road away from the school. Cars were driving erratic around us. Whatever made them this way, I assumed was probably the same thing that Coach saw on his computer. Jets flew overhead and a second after they passed in the distance, explosions were heard from where the school was.

"Holy shit!" Austin and I both exclaimed. We both looked back at the explosion for a second, and as soon as I looked back, I saw a car's headlights and then - black. Nothingness.

I came to with a piercing headache. I looked at my reflection in the rear view mirror and either I turned into a demon, or my face was covered in blood because I was completely red. I looked over and that's when it hit me harder than that car ever would: Austin had a piece of glass in his chest. He was unconscious. I leaned over to him, and in a panic I slapped his acne filled face. Nothing. I smacked it again. Nothing. And again. And again. And again. I smacked that face more than I thought I would ever make contact with the guy.

"Come on!!!" I screamed. Finally, he gasped for air, but then he coughed up blood. That's when shit was serious. I looked around and I realized my surroundings: It was night time. The road was quiet. Too quiet. There were cars on fire around us, and the car we had collided was steaming from it's hood. No sign of any people, however. Then I heard Austin scream.

I turned and he was looking down at his new addition to his body. I covered his mouth with my hand and told him to shush. His facial hair felt itchy in my hand, but I put up with it because again - this was life and death.

"Listen, you're in pretty bad shape, I'm not gonna deny that. But I have to get that piece out if you're gonna make it, ok?" I whispered. Austin nodded, but then I saw the tears streaming down his face. I tore off a piece of my shirt to prepare to apply pressure after taking out the piece of glass. I breathed in.

"You ready?" I asked. Austin nodded repeatedly.

I grabbed the piece of glass with my hand, looked at him one more time, and yanked it. Austin screamed - muffled in my hand. The glass wasn't out. It had only moved a couple of inches. I didn't yank hard enough. I yanked again - it only moved a few more inches. I felt horrible. I was causing Austin so much pain and I wanted to save his life. I took a deep breath and gripped the glass piece harder, blood started coming from my hand. I yanked and finally the glass got out. I took my hand away from Austin's mouth and he finished his scream. I took my hands and the piece of clothing and applied pressure to his wound.

"I'm so sorry," I said. I told him that over and over again as I put more and more pressure on him, but then he finally grabbed my wrist. I looked up at him. He was tired. He shook his head.

"Just...just stay here with me until I pass..."

"No, no, no, no I'm not leaving you!" I said.

"Dude...you've tried. I'm not gonna hold you back...thank you for at least making sure I wasn't monster chow...." Austin chuckled.

I chuckled too. I thought the joke was horrible, but I at least wanted him to think he told a good one. Austin patted my hand.

"Get yourself into the city. There's got to be military somewhere. Make it there. Make it - and survive. For me, please." Austin started gasping. I panicked and applied more pressure, but Austin kept gasping for air. Like poor animal taking it's last few breaths - Austin climbing back into our world from the threshold to the afterlife. Five minutes later, his gasping stopped. I stayed there, shocked and worried. I stayed there until I felt like I was stable enough to carry on.

I got out of the car, knowing I wasn't about to drive with Austin's body next to me. I got into the car I collided with, and thank God again the keys were in the ignition. I drove in reverse, and as I changed into drive, I looked at Austin one last time. The kid I thought was annoying and disgusting one moment - became a kid I was going to live for in his memory.

I started heading towards Newport Newes. It was the closest city to my school. The oddest thing I noticed as I drove was that there wasn't anybody else. Where did they go? Did they get picked up by military? Did they just assume I was dead?
Dawn rose as I saw the city in the distance. I smiled when I saw some skyscrapers, and I drove up a hill to get a better view. I parked, and stepped out of the car. It felt peaceful. It felt like it was all going to be ok...but then I saw a figure behind a building in the distance. It was the creature. Then, another one just like it came towards it. They were both looking at the streets as if they were hunting. Hunting for people. I heard a loud CRASH from the sky, and the sky split open right above the city. A hand reached down from the opening, and it was a human hand. It was a holy hand. It was God's own hand. In his hand, was another one of the creatures. His hand began to heads towards me. I got in my car immediately and tried to start it up again. The car started, but then it died immediately. I assumed it was God's work.

The Hand's shadow filled my surroundings and I heard a loud BOOM behind me as the creature was dropped. I took a deep breath, realizing that no matter what I did, no matter how long I survived, I would end up like everyone else. Dead. Because it was God's plan. He was the only one who could've summoned creatures like the one who tore down the school. He was the only one who could've caused the car crash and that one piece of glass that would kill Austin. He was the only one that would create the flood 2.0 except this time - there were monsters.

I got out of the car. I slowly turned around and the creature loomed over me. I spread my arms out, ready to embrace my destiny. The creature grabbed me, and brought me up into it's empty abyss of a mouth. I could hear people screaming from inside the creature's throat. All that pain. All that suffering. I was about to join it.

I did not thank God.