First submission. Hemingway said, "write drunk, edit sober." Not really sober enough to edit.  Please look past grammatical errors and formatting.. I'm newish at this. Hopefully you enjoy. 


The bar had pads on it, Anthony liked that he could lean forward on it as he stared down at the half full Pabst before him. A bing Crosby ballad floated above the four patrons of the Alibi Club two days before Christmas. The fifty degree weather didn't feel like Christmas, it felt more like Spring. This didn't feel like Christmases from before, but Anthony didn't know if it was the weather, his age, or if he had just forgotten what it was like to be genuinely happy.  The City was something that he told his friends about incessantly like a former lover he planned to reunite with.  He described the idiosyncrasies of his beloved city every time Christmas leave was mentioned, from the tastes of a Coney Dog to the the thrill of driving 80mph down I94.  Everyone in his platoon was excited to see Anthony return to Detroit, it was one of the few things that brought a smile to his face anymore.  When he did finally make it back home to the city that only a select few can love unconditionally like he had, it didn't feel like home. The food didn't taste as he remembered, the streets didn't invoke childhood memories, and his friends and family he'd left years ago were not the people he remembered. The place he'd romanticized each night on training operations to his buddies weren't there anymore, everything had lost its vigor.

Anthony felt a cold breeze enter the barroom.  Without turning he knew the door had been opened and another soul had decided to spend his evening with the motley crew who had been attracted to the former UAW watering hole rather than their loved ones.  From his complexion and particular gait he knew he wasn't Mexican.  Anthony prided himself on his ability to identify a person's heritage.  
"Budweiser and a shot of Jack Daniels." 
Sitting a stool away the new patron and Anthony briefly met eyes in the reflection of an old Stroh's mirror behind the bar.  They exchanged a simple nod, acknowledging each other's existence and silently agreeing to keep to themselves.  Without any words they were able to convey that they were not here for a Christmas Party or to make friends.  These two were professionals. 

Anthony finished another beer and began casually observing his new neighbor.  His slacks and white collard shirt suggested white collar but his Carhartt and the way he slowly drank his whiskey said blue collar. A wedding band showed he was married, his thick mustache screamed, "dad."

"Another Pabst please," Anthony slid his empty bottle forward, "and a shot of Jameson too."
The bartender with no words fulfilled the order.  Ronny had tended bar at the Alibi since  '77 when he turned 19, it was his father's legacy and the last memory of working class whites in the neighborhood.  Ronny didn't know Anthony by name, but recognized him from fish fries they used to have at the Alibi years ago when families would come in on Saturday afternoons.  The moms would take the kids home after the food and the fathers would spend the rest of the night at the bar drinking to oblivion.  The little boy he remembered from then was a far cry from the man who sat at the bar before him.  Still relatively young, Anthony had a look that most would just describe as tired.   Tired of what? Even Anthony didn't know. Ronny knew that he was military and that he drank like his uncles drank when they came back.  He made sure to keep an eye out for him since he showed up back in the neighborhood.

Anthony didn't drink for fun anymore.  He looked at drinking with the same reverence one would see religion or a trade honed over years.  It was almost a ritual,  he prepared like a soldier does for battle. Drinks were his weapons and the night was the enemy.  He saw these long lonely nights as something he had to defeat.  Once he began, Anthony felt almost a duty to to fight with every ounce of his being not stopping until he awoke the next morning unaware of the night but certain he'd won the battle.  It was why even his best friends didn't drink with him anymore.  He punished himself with alcohol as if there had to be a sacrifice to the alcohol gods and he was willing to give himself every time .  Most thought he carried guilt or remorse for what he did or saw over there.  His friends had all gone through the the same experiences , most could laugh it off, some couldn't shake it at all and decided to end it early.  Not Anthony he would battle his demon head on.  To Anthony the war was mostly fun!  He didn't feel particularly guilty or scarred, Anthony felt nothing.  It was the nothingness that frightened him most, he felt an ambivalence to all things he used to love and care about. To Anthony guilt or pain would have been better to the numbness he saw infecting all aspects of his life.

A smoking ban in bars had recently passed across Michigan.  As Anthony lit his Marlborough red in the barren parking lot his new neighbor exited with similar intentions. He patted his pockets with a cigarette loosely in his lips; 
"Need a light?" Anthony held out a lighter
"Thanks."
After two drags from his cigarette the silence was broken.
"You in the military?" Anthony immediately recognized an Arab Accent
"Marines," Anthony nodded, "you?"
"Was," the neighbor nodded, "I work now."

It didn't surprise Anthony to see an Arab Vet. Detroit was full of Arab immigrants.  He'd met a couple of terps from Dearborn when he was in Iraq.  The two men finished their smokes in silence.  It wasn't an awkward silence, both men shared a mutual respect not wanting to interfere in the other's evening.

In the bar the two returned to their stools, Anthony to his battle station and his new drinking buddy to his work station for the night.  The room was dimly lit as most older bars are.  Behind the bar was lit with colorful Christmas lights, illuminating the old liquor bottles.  The Rum, Schhnaaps, and different liqueurs sat there collecting dust.  Only the whiskey and vodka made any sort of rotation.  All the beer came in bottles or cans, domestics except for Labatts, which might as well be domestic in Detroit.  The tap system stopped working sometime in the mid 90's, Anthony had never seen it work.  His father and uncles though enjoyed the kegs here after shifts at the stamping plant. The antiquated Miller, Budweiser, and Coors taps now stood as reminders of better days. The same was true of the United Auto Workers paraphernalia and Alibi Softball team trophies that adorned the walls. 

The jukebox worked though, like a time capsule from 1998 when the most recent Shania Twain CD was added to its selection.  The regulars didn't like much music after then so no one saw much of a reason to update it.

Grand Funk Railroad's Locomotion had provided a brief intermission to the seasonal Christmas Music.  A wavy guitar solo complimented by the cracks of billiard balls.  Everyone there knew that the table slants down towards the side closest to the bar, still people played.  Ronny bobbed his head to the beat of the local band as he unloaded a case of Canadian beer into the fridge below the bar.


The two men remained in continued silence and observed each other consume five whiskeys a piece through the Stroh's mirror. Both men were here on a mission.  Neither one occupied himself with a cell phone, pretending to read a menu, or even glancing up at the football game on television. Ronny had been doing this long enough to know that some people don't need the obligatory small talk about the Lions or the unseasonably warm winter that year.

Rising from his stool Anthony stuck an arm into his jacket and looked at his new neighbor directly, knowing he had no lighter of his own. 
"Smoke?"
"Sure"

The two stood next to the entrance below the weathered Keno neon light.  The evening had cooled down, but the rain covered streets were a far cry from the cold white Christmases of Anthony's childhood.  The Christmas he turned eight it snowed eleven inches over night! He got snowshoes that year and spent Christmas Day tromping around the back yard trying to spell out curse words with his tracks. That was a real Christmas. 

The whiskey had made Anthony's curiosity grow regarding his newfound drinking buddy.  He handed him the lighter and began the vetting process only a veteran can fully understand.  It's a careful dance, probing for bits of a person's service and humbly sharing your own.  As most servicemen prone to bragging will find, no matter what your accomplishments or experiences in the military someone has always done more or seen worse.  You never know if a veteran spent his time filing papers or as a Navy Seal.

"You go over there?" Anthony asked nodding his head towards the direction of the distant and ominous, "there."

The neighbor drew deeply on his cigarette, understanding immediately what, "there," was. He flicked an ash and replied,
"Yeah, you?"
"Yeah."
"Afghanistan?" He asked.  Anthony heard an accent when he spoke but the man had confidence in his English and was not a recent immigrant, he had clearly been here for years. His inflection suggested he had had this same conversation outside of a bar before.
"Once," Anthony explained, "Iraq twice. You?"
"Iraq once."

It was obvious he wasn't a Marine. The word "Marine" alone is enough for two Devil Dogs to shake hands and slap backs.  He was at least thirty five, intelligent and had an air of confidence rare amongst combat troops. Anthony pegged him for Army or maybe even state department intelligence.  He don't have the bravado of a Marine, he might even be an officer. One thing was certain to Anthony he was no grunt.
"So where were you in Iraq?" Anthony probed deeper.
"Ramadi, 2006"
"No shit," Anthony perked up, "me too!" Meeting another Ramadi vet reminded him of the good old days when he was still fresh and every day was a mixture of the most exciting and terrifying days of his life.  He enjoyed the two emotions being so closely related. Not much else needed to be said, or could be said about the matter. They both knew.
"Bad shit huh?" Anthony flicked his butt onto the wet concrete.
"Yeah, bad shit."


Inside Anthony switched to beer, after meeting his new friend he wanted some clarity to maybe talk more about Ramadi. There was no more tension in the air.  He was happy to be around someone else who was there. Most of Anthony's friends from Ramadi were long gone, got out after four years and were now starting families across the country.  Anthony on the other had reenlisted, The Corps was what he knew best.  The idea of going to a college campus surrounded by spoiled 18yr olds and liberal professors in tweed suits seemed more detrimental to his sanity than a combat zone.  He already had a skill, he kept Marines alive.  In the beginning he kept his brothers safe, initially he was one of countless dumb kids not knowing up from down but didn't hesitate to sign up for infantry at the recruiters.  As he grew older though, the 18yr old privates all stayed the same wide eyed naive kids straight from the farm somewhere in Ohio, and Anthony found himself a sergeant with nearly two dozen Marines below him. It quickly turned into a paternal bond and every fresh private felt like a son. It had been years since he lost a Marine under his charge, but he never forgot a name or a date.  It wasn't the date of death that resonated with Anthony, it was their birthdays that stung the worst when he compared it to his own.  They were almost always younger than him.

Without turning to the right, Anthony looked in the mirror to his neighbor, which he found more convenient now and asked, "So what were you? Army? Contractor?"
"No," he looked down the mouth of his beer bottle as if there was an answer at the bottom, "I was Mujahideen" 

The Marine paused. he knew what he heard but still he silently repeated to himself what had just been said to him.  His drinking buddy casually sipped his Budweiser, he showed no signs of fear about his confession.  No one at the bar was aware of the exchange that had just taken place. Had the Alibi Club's regulars heard the same thing they would've strung the holy warrior up from the nearest light pole.  Anthony remained fixed on the mirror, looking at himself then momentarily glancing at the man beside his reflection. 
"You kill Americans?" Anthony asked in an unexcited tone. He focused on the mirror's Stroh's lettering rather than the eyes of the reflection looking back at him.
"Yes. Did you kill Iraqis?" 
"I did." 

Anthony's eyes fixed on the inoperable tap, the tap that hadn't functioned since before the war. Before the towers went down. He thought about the snow. "What do you do now?" 

"My wife and I have a party store." He finished the rest of his beer, "it's on Mack and Seven Mile. We do submarine sandwiches and chicken on weekends."

Both men kept their voices low and their eyes straight ahead.  Anthony nodded his head in understanding as the store was described. He could picture it like the dozens of Iraqi owned stores he'd been to in Detroit. He knew the feeling, he knew the smell, he knew th man's family.

There was still no tension in the air, it was instead filled by Dean Martin's "Let It Snow". Ronny put down two fresh beers in silence, oblivious to the past five minutes.  The two old fighters looked forward towards the mirror, they saw themselves and they saw the men who sat beside them. There was no shame, there was no anger. They both knew and they both understood. 
"Smoke?"
"Sure."


