This is the story of Paul. Paul was, is, and shall forever be a formidable man. He has shown his mighty strength in many occasions, but in only a few of these occasions was this behavior necessary. For Paul was born with something that few humans had; Mitochondriaa. Now before you protest, remember that Mitochondria is the powerhouse of the cell. Knowing this, and that all humans have these cellular structures, one may find themselves confused at my statement. For if all humans had Mitochondria, how can it be rare and special for Paul to have these fabulous cellular structures? That is what makes Mitochondriaa so special. The extra a indicates an extra Mitochondria present in every cell in his body. The extra power allows Pauls body to bend time and space to his will, giving him the ability to achieve telekinesis like control of the matter around him, as well as a certain degree of mind control, and of course, time travel. 
Unfortunately for Paul, when he was much, much younger, he was but unaware of these miraculous powers that had been bestowed upon him from either some all-knowledgeable being or the greatest of luck. Being young and nave, Paul had set his tiny mind to the grand undertaking of saving the world. Having the limitless imagination of a child, he truly believed that all the abilities he imagined could in fact be harnessed. Most of these powers were silly things, such as flight and laser vision, and other illogical capabilities. But under the mindset of such a hero, he set forth to free the world of filthy villainy. 
Paul shuffled across his kitchen floor with a red flowing cape fashioned from a dirty bedsheet, and caught sight of his father attempting to discipline the family dog. Now in the mind of a child, this act seemed extremely dangerous towards the family dog, and Paul, who had set out to free the world from wrongdoing, felt that he had to act.  He sprinted with his tiny legs towards his father and tried to push him away while screeching a mighty, WRAWRALLA!. Now you see, Paul did not connect his arms with his father, since he took a step back in surprise, but since Pauls brain believed he had, Pauls inner Schwartz took over. Pauls father flew backwards and into the wall at such a force that he stayed stuck to it, entangled in two-by-fours. Paul was so surprised that he turned around and ran face first into his stuffed dinosaur, Tyronus R. Littlearms. He was so confused by these events that he accidently transported himself back into time to when dinosaurs roomed the Earth. 
This is where Paul grew up, raised by pterodactyls. When the time had come that Paul had learned all the pterodactyls had to teach he set off to hone his mysterious skills. To test himself, he challenged himself to pull Earths second moon down to the Earth. Not realizing its size, Paul unintentionally wiped out all of his dinosaur friends. Knowing his powers were dangerous, he climbed into the worlds deepest cave to protect all living things from his uncontrollable power. He proceeded to fall into a deep meditative state, anxiously waiting for the world to need his help. He remains there to this day.
End.
P.S. He stirred slightly when Donald Trump announced he was running for President.
