	Hey Tanner, I think your mom is smoking.
	Shes a pile of ashes. 
	Justin cracks a sick smile as he looks to his friend, then he gets solemn. Do the jokes ever get to you? Like do I ever go too far? 
	You never go too far, but sometimes it gets to me. When other people who dont understand when enough is enough.
	Are you sure?
	Tanners smile recedes into a slight grin, Justin, I think my mothers suicide is hilarious. 
	The two young men let the gentle water wash up against the rocks on which they sit. Its a calm evening, with the air occasionally disrupted with insensitive jokes. They often razz each other, but rarely before a lake sunset. The divine beauty of the lake reflects their deeply personal state of mind.
	So I hear your mothers a burnout.
	Shut up Justin, As Tanner laughs.  What are you going to do when your parents die?
	Justin sits there for a moment, not entirely sure how to answer. Im an only child, so I wont have any one to shoulder the pain on. He repositions himself on the rock, into a more contemplating state, hand to face. Id be hurt, wounded deeply but I wouldnt want to burden you, or any one of our friends with my pain. That would be my problem and it shouldnt have to be yours too.
	I know you already know, but laughing makes it easier. Not better, but if you can learn to laugh at it, then the pain is managed easier.
	No I know. If my parents died, you probably wouldnt see a major difference in me, at least not around people. You got to look at the positives of the situation, no matter how fucked up it is
	Like how you never need to care about Mothers Day again.
Sometime Later
	Justin comes walking out to her car and opens the door. I came out here as soon as I got your text. Whats up?
	Her face is slightly pale, her eyes somewhere else.
	Dorothy?
	She comes out of her trance, Justin. Dorothy puts her hand on his knee and looks into his anticipating eyes. I was told to come get you and keep you company.
	Why?
	Your parents are dead.
	He immediately turns his head away and looks straight ahead. Eyes clamped shut for a moment; they reopen with a slight water wall encasing them. But he keeps his composure, Woah. Oh fuck. Then generally louder, Fuck that hurts, as he inhales deep. 
	They were in an accident this afternoon. Your aunt is coming up and handling it. I was told to keep you company until everything is settled.
	So what are we supposed to do then?
	Do you want to go home?
	He answers quick and sharp, No.
	A silence fills the car and before long Dorothy breaks it by twisting the ignition and drives with the intention of arriving somewhere that will bring Justin peace. As the car is in motion, conversation is scarce; neither one of them know what to say. He sits there with his own thoughts, desperately and quickly trying to figure out how to handle the situation. 
	I feel like Ive been hit by a fucking train.
	She says softly, I know. 
	But do you?
	Dorothy swallows and drives uncomfortably. She wants to help her friend, but she has no idea how. Loss hasnt affected her enough to be prepared for moments like these. She decides that the best course of action is to let him be, and to let it all out.
	She drives off into a secluded back road, hidden by tall trees and the impending nightfall. The road is dirt and bumpy and rough. The two are silent. Headlights show the way forward, the car follows the path.  Justin closes his eyes and inhales sharply, loudly, then reopens his eyes.
	Im excited for the reception after the funeral.
	Her head darts to meet his face as she slows the car.
	I hope we get meatballs. I love meatballs. He is smiling. 
	Justin?
	Yeah? His eyes light up, Oh! We better get good caterers!
	Dorothy stops the car. Okay, shut the fuck up.
	He stops and looks at her, shocked. How dare she? My parents just died. 
	What is wrong with you? You think this is funny?
	No, I dont.
	Well youre not convincing me Justin, youre coming off as sick.
	This is how I handle pain Dorothy.
	By bypassing it?
	He slumps into his seat while she glares deathly at him. He understands why Dorothy is angry. He gets it, but nevertheless, he is frustrated. Arguing seems pointless; anger pointed towards the victim seems cruel, yet both occur. 
	Dorothy breaks the brief silence, How dare you spit in the face of Tanner. Here you are trying to bypass the pain while your best friend had no choice but to take it.
	Dont bring him into this.
	Hes your best friend, and his mother is dead. And this is how you handle it?
	This is how I grieve. I have to appear strong in front of you because I refuse to be a burden. Im not spitting in anyones face.
	What are you talking about? I am you friend Justin, you should be able to express yourself in front of me.
	He fires back, Yeah, but not with this. Not while this pain is present in me. This is my problem not yours.
	Im not convinced.
	I cant break down in front of you. I have to stay strong, to be the emotional rock. I need to handle it on my own.
	Im not convinced this is how someone grieves.
	Well be convinced.
	She looks at him, ferociously frustrated. Then she looks ahead and twists the key. The car turns on and she turns the steering wheel.
	Can you take me back home?
	What are we going to do there?
	I want to go in alone for a while.
	I was told to stay with you.
	Dorothy, He looks at her, Let me do this.
	She arrives at Justins house, and het gets out of the car. 
	When youre alone in there, thats when it will fully hit you. Dorothy says rolling down her window.
	He walks up to the front steps and unlocks the front door. The keys are put on the counter and the lonely man walks upstairs. Through his parents bedroom door, he realizes that they will never occupy it again. Observes his own room, understanding that his days living in there are limited. For the first time since receiving the news, he is truly alone. Justin walks downstairs and looks out to the driveway. He grins.
	At least they left the good car.
