On Earth an anomalous error took place on a Sunday during the final stages of a board game, among several individuals who all wanted to win but naturally did not understand how



Everyone loses, eventually, said Jordan.



Up above, in the offices of Technical Information Pertaining to Conventional Sunday Afternoon Activities, a monitor speaker beeped, but it was ignored. This is plausible, as many nondescript beeps occur on Sundays, especially in particularly religious regions of planet Earth.



Stop being a putz, said Jordans stepfather.

Why is he being a putz? asked Jordans stepbrother.

Hes always been a putz, said Jordans sister.

Puh...puh...putz, said Jordans Grandmother, who sat in her wheelchair.

Parker, the family dog, howled.



At this juncture, it was appropriate that the matter be transferred to another department. The beeping would continue, and still go unnoticed, at the Center for Monitoring Common Dysfunction in Communal Ceremonies.

It is not entirely relative, but perhaps worthy of mention, that this specific center is also usually busy on Sundays, and not just in particular regional sects, but in locations elsewhere.

They, which is also to say, we, and, I, are always busy, especially on, but not limited to, Sundays. This is good but consuming work.



I quit. said Jordan.

No, you cant, you still have property said Jordans stepfather.

And you still have money, said Jordans stepbrother.

Its not our fault youre in jail, said Jordans sister.

Just like your father, said Jordans grandmother, still in her wheelchair.

To this, Parker, the family dog, howled again.



The family of subjects were unaware of the pattern and chance involved, as most beings of Earth are, in many ways, oblivious to the possibilities of what they perceive to be as ordinary and below in intellect.



Jordan stood up, left the family room, and after a few moments came back with a bright, neon green piece of plastic. Attached was a half-transparent, neon orange tube filled with liquid. In one hand, Jordans grasped a pump-like cylinder, and in the other hand, cradled a trigger. 

Hey assholes, said Jordan.



Thus, beeping transferred to and resumed at the Division of Violent Outbursts in Domestic Settings. 

This sector, unfortunately, was also being overrun with non-related occurrences at this particular time. Interestingly, they did not cite Sundays as a common factor for their oversight. When asked what was the reason, their unified, semi-related and notably uncongenial response was: water guns are not real guns, [expletive].



He ruined my dress, said Jordans sister. 

Its only water, said Jordan.

He used the A word, said Jordans stepbrother.

Go to your room, said Jordans father.

Oh my God, said Jordans Grandmother.

Parker, the family dog, began to urinate on Jordans wheelchair-bound Grandmother. While doing this, the dog howled.



It is important to reiterate that the subjects during this time, and still, are unable to comprehend the matter.



Make him stop, said Jordans Grandmother.

Gross, Parker, said Jordans sister.

Stop it, Parker, said Jordans stepfather.

Parker, bad dog, said Jordans stepbrother.



That any subject could reach an unfamiliar sudden sentience, develop an opinion on modern family values, and act on them, was outside of expectancy. 



Parker stood back from the wheelchair and lowered his brow. In an instant, the wheelchair began to rise, and soon was above the family room, closer to the ceiling, opposite the carpeted floor 15 feet below. 



This is when I received the initial report that something was wrong. 

Our analysts introductory conclusion was that the canine subject had somehow slipped into an orchestral quantum sling, of which, and most humbly, I am not able to explain in any comprehensive fashion. I am an IT manager after all, not a physicist. 

I simply take it that the canine seemingly attained magical powers outside of what was determined to ever be possible. 



Parker howled louder and the wheelchair in the air began to spin. 

Grandma! said Jordans stepfather, stepbrother,  and sister.

Oh, Lord Jesus, help me, said Jordans Grandmother.

Jordan reached out to the dog Parker.



A breaking point was reached. Suddenly the canine subject and the human subject became outside themselves. 

This is a condensed form of what actually occurred, of course. To put it even more plainly, and I do this because I have curious children of my own who want to know, so, please, bear with me: the doggie and the boy exited their dimension, and somehow, into ours.

Is this how you would explain it to a child? By chance, do any of you have children?



Jordan felt himself beside Parker in a darkness. He no longer felt Parkers fur, but he knew Parker was there. Jordan was terrified.
Parker said, Jordan, I dont know where we are or how this is possible, but I want you to know something. Youre going to be ok. I get it. I do. But keep going. Keep trying. Life is hard, I guess. But everything works out, I think. Just dont give up.

Jordan felt himself begin to slip away from Parker. Then, he heard the dogs howling in the distance, but also the words, And your Grandma is kind of a bitch. Good riddance.



The human subject regressed back to Earth while the canine was brought in and has been making the rounds. Interrogation, panels, discussions, interviews,and now celebrity. Everyone wants to meet Parker, the anomalous dog from Earth. My kids like him. My ex-wife thinks hes cute. A multitude of staff members, including my former superior, have tendered their resignations in order to follow Parker.

They all want to know, I guess, as do I, which is, if Parker, an anomaly, whose infinite existence was beyond him, was able to break convention, then why shouldnt we be able to?



At the funeral for Jordans Grandmother, no one had expected him to walk the rows up to the altar of the church where already many had spoken.

Jordan took a deep breath, and said, I love my family, especially my Grandmother, wherever she is.
