I will always forgive you.

She always said that. Perhaps because she always did forgive me.

I knew her when I was six. I remember the first day we met, the first of elementary school in Coral Springs. The first time I had talked to Leah. My parents told me to stay away from her. Her parents werent good people, they said. Her daddy was an alcoholic they always said. Her mother was a drug user they always said. But how could I stay away from her? Even then I felt her magnetic pull towards me. When I saw her in school, with the only seat open in class, being the one next to her I did not hesitate. During class we drew using crayons. Crayons were her favorite. I accidentally broke her crayon,while we were drawing a picture of an oak that stood right in the middle of our playground. She told me,

I forgive you.

During recess, we talked, while swinging around on a swing. She asked me about my toys,my siblings and then some more. She had a white dress on. Her long brown curls flowed all over her face. She was definitely foreign. She told me her parents came from Spain, where the sun never sets.I told her that I had lived in California all my life. I enjoy the sun. So did she. Then the bell rang.

When Leah didnt come to school the next day, I did not understand why she didnt show up. My six year old self perhaps thought she was out sick, which I thought was reasonable. During recess, I felt slightly lonely since the one friend that I made yesterday wasnt there. Luckily some boys invited me to play soccer, so I quickly forgot.

When Leah didnt come to school the day after, I talked to my mom. My mom told me in the kindest way possible John, her daddy is not a good man. He was too drunk to even take Leah to school. She continued sternly, Stay away from her John. It will do you no good to play with that girl.

When Leah showed up to school the third day she had a bruise underneath her eye. I asked her what it was about. She said that she had an accident. That soothed me. We then proceeded to play outside and run around like kids, who didnt have a care in the world, as if there was nothing that could do us harm.

When we were 13, there was a time we were walking back from school. Her mother left that week. She wanted to leave, and once her husbands money ran out she was outta there. When we were walking back she started weeping inconsolably.She told me everything,all while tears were flowing down her beautiful face, with those hazelnut eyes of hers.

John, my dad hurts me when he drinks. My mother left.I have no one.No one who cares. My mother left, and my father is a drunk.

I didnt know what to say, and I did the only thing I could think of. I wanted to tell her that someone cared, but I never was good at talking. I gave her a hard long squeeze, which I classified as a hug. To my surprise, she hugged me back. We hugged for a short time. But too me it felt like an eternity. We then started walking to her house, which was just a block away from mine.

When we got to her house, we knocked on the door. Mind this, at this point we were not even a thing. We were just 13 year old kids who didnt really think about that just yet. The door opens, and we behold the sight of her father, who stumbles out in a drunken stupor. Mind you, Ive seen him drunk, but never drunk as well as in person screaming into our faces. Ive never even talked to him in my life, but there he was, straight up wasted, and screaming at two 13 year old kids who came up to his door.

Leah! Leah you dirty slut! Bringing this dude home after fucking around with him! Filthy whore! I am going to teach you not to fuck around with guys! Come over here! he growled, while reaching over to grab her arm. I stand there, completely unable to comprehend anything. I was afraid while I watched this mans arm clutch, and forcibly pull his daughter into his house.                                              													
No Papa! This is John, a friend of mine! I know him from school! We did nothing, I swear! she pleaded, her eyes starting to water up again, tears glistening, while she was struggling against his iron grip.

You swear on what? ON WHAT? Your bitch mother? Youre gonna fucking leave me like she did! Come here, Im gonna teach you a lesson!.

He started pulling her towards him. 

I tried to say something.

Sir. I

You are going to leave my house that is what you're gonna do. Leah is never going to come near you again.

I was scared. I started stammering. I was on the verge of breaking out in a run.

I.I Sir.

Did you not fucking hear me? You dirty mutts need to stay away from Leah. Go kid. Last warning.

She wanted me to stay. Protect her. From the monster that she called her father. I made the wrong choice. I could have stayed, and told her to run. But I didnt. I ran instead. As I ran back, I heard the sounds of screaming, a loud crack, and then a loud yelp.

I ran as fast as I could till I got home. I screamed and screamed at my parents to call the police, to do something. They did not want to get involved telling me John, it's not our problem!.  It might not have been theirs. But it was mine. Leah was my best friend, and I was gonna make sure I saved her. I kept persisting, until they gave in.

I remember that night. I remember staying up and not being able to sleep. I remember hearing my parents talking about an ambulance. Talking about broken bones. In hushed voices, as not to worry their precious John, about his troubled friend. I ended up crying, and praying to God that she was okay.

Next morning, it was a Saturday. I remember asking my parents about Leah. My Dad looked uncomfortable as he grimaced, and tried to tell me a hard truth.

John. Leah is in grave condition. When the ambulance arrived, she had a lot of broken bones, and was unconscious. Fractures all over the place. Her father was passed out drunk, with a cane in his hand. A metal cane. She is in emergency care right now, and will hopefully awaken.We dont know. Her condition is stable, so there is hope. He tried to smile at me, but all I did was look down, and fight the tears coming to my face.

I asked to visit her. Her father was in police custody, so there was no fear of me running into him. My parents drove me to the hospital. I understood why they didnt care for Leah. They viewed  her as a collection of worst traits from her parents. But I cared. I knew she was different. She was my best friend, and I sure as hell was going to see her. With me I brought my note book.

Walking up to her room, felt a nagging sensation. I felt like it was my fault, that something bad has happened to her. When I went in, she was laying down, with a couple of plaster casts covering broken areas of her bones. She looked so pretty, even then. I sat down in a chair next to her, and my parents looked at me, nodded and left the room. I started talking, to no one in particular, as she might not have been awake while writing it in my notebook, so I could leave it for when she awoke.

Leah, I am sorry. Ive let you down! .I mean I was scared! I didnt know what to do! Maybe I should have stayed! Or I could have taken you with me and ran! There were so many possibilities, but I took the cowards way out, and ran. Maybe if I stayed we would have been able to get out unhurt. I dont know. My thoughts are muddled and fuzzy. Leah, you are my best friend. I am sorry.  Had I not ran, you might have not been hurt. I am just here to say that I wish that I had stayed, and that I am sorry.

To that I added, If you ever awaken, please find it in you to forgive me.

I signed my name, and walked out the door.

In a week, a letter arrived to my door, to my name.
I opened it.

I forgive you

She always forgave me. For that time, and other times.