Up

The direction we headed when she told me she could fly. And I took her hand and we rose higher and higher. Then she told me she could never see me again and I didn't understand it but she was gone. I looked out at the field of wildflowers, with ripples like sea water. They were small speckles of yellow against the pale green. And I thought that it was the most beautiful thing that I had ever seen, the flowers, not her. Whom I hated at that moment. And then, looking back on it, I do not blame her at all. She could only follow her path and I could only follow mine. Ours' was brief but it sparkled. Like the stars. Which, I heard Carl Sagan say, is what we are all made of. Like quarks. Or quirks. 
	
Down

Is where hell is located in the traditional cosmology. And in the town I grew up in; it wasn't speculation it was fact. Every week people would dress their best and sit in large rooms where impassioned men would curse them to spend an eternity in lakes of molten lead or something like that. But Dante said it was cold. And Milton said it was destiny. So I am a little unsure if anyone really knows what they're talking about. Therefore I remain an optimistic skeptic. Which puts me at odds with many of those same people that dress their best and file into large rooms where impassioned men demand their money. 
	
Charm

He had none and she had plenty. Making them quite an odd pair. I would sit in their house and silently long for her while he provided me with liquor while talking incessantly about any random nonsense that he may be entertaining at the moment. And when everyone was good and drunk, he would make her drive to get him food from anywhere that was still open. She would get into the small white car her mother had given her on her sixteenth birthday. And I would opt to go with her and while we were driving we had the opportunity to talk. But, the talk was pointless and asinine as she lied in bed with him every night and I had to lie on the couch in the hot room. He wouldn't install the swamp cooler from sheer apathy. 
	
Strange

How things can get after the tenth hit of LSD in a two day bender. No one has slept and the place smells stagnant and the air kind of hangs but no one notices when there are rainbows in front of their eyes. There was no me and you, there was only the continuous existence of the eternal. We were all one, if not for a brief moment, and it was beautiful like the flower ripples in the field where she stood and rolled her eyes as if she was getting tired. And she was getting tired and I know that now but then, then I wonder how she felt back then.
	
Top

Of the launch pad is where we would watch the stars that Carl Sagan once said we were made of. Did you know we were stardust? And it was atop of that roof that I wished I was a star and could see the vastness of existence which was a brief moment, even briefer than the moment we were one. What if I was left behind on the moon that time we all went there to visit? I would sit on a rock and watch as the earth grew old and tired. Alone. But that would be ok because I was nearer to the stars. And if I could get close enough I would reach out and touch one of them. I bet they feel cool even though I hear that they are not. How can such cool light come from such heat?
	
Bottom

Is a type of quark and we are all made of those and stardust. Ann Druyan said that the only tragedy of her husband's death was that they knew they would never see each other again. But she was wrong because we are all quarks and quarks are stardust and stardust, I believe, returns to the sky and not below, in hell, where they would have you believe we will go. And I know that eventually the field, the flowers, the man with no charm, the girl that I loved, Carl Sagan, and the drugs will all return to the origin. Where stardust is all there is. 
