Tomish Martin smiled and did his best to nod politely. Well, I understand that work is sparse in the complex, but Mr. Anderson, you have to also understand I am just trying to do my job here. 

Mr. Anderson was a tall man whose old greasy miner fatigues hung around his sunken frame loosely while what was left of his greying hair draped down over his long forehead wetly amongst sweat soot and dirt. He looked fresh out of the mines.

 Despite his worn look he had a hard set jaw and an ice cold stare that only broke to his wife and two children huddled around an old rusted table in the middle of the single room apartment. Mr. Andersons eyes ran up and down them and his lips twitched looking for words. After what seemed like a silent eternity he turned back to Tomish who had leaned himself comfortably against the kitchen counter.

Im asking you, from a man to a man, for one more week. Andersons voice was low, and unwavering, probably hoping his family couldnt hear him begging for the roof over their heads, he may as well have been down on two knees.

Tomish sighed and tossed his gaze up to the uneven metal plated ceiling. You asked for that last week. He said purposefully louder than he needed to. 

Anderson grunted. Yes but-

And my friend outside indulged you Mr. Anderson, because he respected you. He respects hard working men like you, just like I do. Hell, I respect what you are about, your family, but what I do not respect is begging, espcially from you Mr. Anderson. Men like you should know how to take their lumps. Just think of this as another set back is all, another lump. Now Ill need you to drop a signature on this, just a formality stating we gave you proper notice and such. Tomishs voice trailed off as he pulled a holotag from his inner coat pocket and activated it neatly on the kitchen counter over the soft sobs of Mrs. Anderson. 

Mr. Anderson glanced back over his shoulder to the softly shaking frame of his wife clutching his two sons into her and his hands balled into fists at his side. Tomish smiled up at him. He dared him to do it. Dared him. It would make his goddamn night to punch this uppity lowlevel ass scrounging piece of shit skulls in. Just looking at him made him want to scrub himself in a dysonal chamber.

You didnt give us any warning you son of a bitch. Mr. Anderson growled. 

Yeah, well just go ahead and sign anyways, it really makes this whole thing a lot easier for everyone. 

Tomish kept a smile on his face.

Mr. Anderson didnt move, he stood a lone spector in the single lit apartment.

Get the fuck out of my home. 

Tomish laughed. He had hoped he would take the tough guy last stand, he hadnt fixed him for the head hung give in and sign type, and that was just fine. Just fine. 

If you dont gather your belongings and leave now Ill have to remove you by force. Tomish gave one last warning for protocals sake.

Mr. Anderson snorted. You aint nothing but a skinny fucking suit, now run back up your shute and get some real men down here, then well fucking talk about removing me by force. 

Mr. Anderson, theres really no reason to be hostile here. I think it is best for you and your family if you leave now. 

Mr. Anderson shook his head wildly and started towards Tomish. 
You dont know shit about whats best for me and my family.

Tomish flicked his baton out from his right sleeve. It extended in one quick snap. He whipped it as hard as he could against Mr. Andersons inner knee. He let out a scream of pain and dropped into a crouch favoring his left leg. Tomish swung down from his shoulder and brought the solid metal stick across Mr. Andersons face with brutal force, feeling bone and cartilage gave under its impact. The man folded in on himself before awkwardly un scrunching like an accordion, and flopping to the ground. 

Mrs Anderson shrieked from her place at the table. A single glare from Tomish silenced her mid screem. 

Tomish straddled the unconcious man, extended himself as high as he could go and brought the baton down hard. 
You dumb. He swung. Fucking. Regathered. Son- Swung. Of- Regathered. A- Swung. Bitch. 

 By the time Tomish was forced to stop to catch his breath, his chest was heaving, his white shirt was ruined, and  Mr. Andersons head was a bloody mess of brain, skull, and blood. 

Doubled over Tomish ran a bloody hand underneath his nose and looked up at the shaking Mrs. Anderson who had pressed her childrens heads into her armpits. 

Gather what you can carry and get out. Dont let me come back here and find you in an hour. 
Tomish collapsed the baton and still trying to catch his breath shouldered the door open. 

Thanks for doing that. Noulie was waiting outside. He offered Tomish a cigarette which Tomish plucked from its carton. 

I dont know why you dont like the hard ones, theyre so fun. Tomish grinned and pushed himself up right off his knees. 

Eh, I dont know, I just dont like it when they get all bleery eyed about their family.. it just.. ruins it for me I guess. He lit tomishs cigerette as they walked down the garabage filled ally. 

You still taking that braud from me? Right? 

1ab96z? Yeah, yeah. Ill pick her up. 

I thought youd be more excited, single girl, attractive, its your thing. Tomish took a drag.

Yeah, I know, but then its so pathetic after you fuck them they think they are somehow good, like they dont have a debt any more like I can just somehow erase it for them, its like they dont understand Im just the guy that works for the company, and then they get all mad and pouty when you tell them they still gotta leave, and then they make a scene and then its gotta get messy. 

Tomish almost said something about Noulii going soft but then decided against it. He didnt need to remind him anymore. The fact was Noulii was going soft, and it was something he would probably have to deal with personally, but for now Tomish let it go. 

Eh, its how their world works, how anyone of them by themselves can afford an apartment, they gotta be taking major dick, or just really good. 

Yeah, I guess it makes sense. Noulii shrugged, his heart clearly no longer in the conversation as he dismissively plugged on the end of his cigarette. 

Tomish nodded. Yeah it does. It was a girl, he cursed Noulii in his head. It had to be a girl. It was always a girl. They ruined the best of them. 

They walked the rest of the way back to the shutes in silence. For the first time since Tomish could remember neither had anything to say to the other. They had come up through the company together, done their dues together. They had talked about everything together, and now, they seemed worlds apart, the rotations of their cigerette pulls the only thing conversating between them, their other hand shoved in their pockets. Tomish could feel it, just as he could feel that Noulie could felt he could feel it, Noulie had changed.

Nouliis got a girl. Tomish said taking a tug of his beer over the pounding techno synths.
 
Robin shrugged staring at a pleasure girls bare ass as she strutted by with a smirk stretched accross her thin face. We all got girls.. and boys. Some of us got both. He said the words absently. 

No, no. Tomish winced through the last bit of his drink, trying not to think about it being ninety percent saliva. Like a real girl, a real problem. Not just a bit of ass. 

Robins eyes snapped from the pleasure girl to Tomish. 

You sure? 

Yeah Im sure. Hes soft as shit out there. I hand fed him 1ab96z, and he couldnt have been more disinterested. Had me take care of a family yesterday because he didnt have the balls. 

The hot girl who got let go from Betsiez last month for balling her eyes out in front of a client?

Yeah thats the one.

He loves those ones. Robin shook his head in disbelief.

Loved. Tomish corrected him. Somethings eating away at him, girl or not, somethings going to have to be done before he turns. 

Fuck, he was one of the good ones. Robin looked away into the crowd of identically dressed company men and real estate agents grinding agianst mostly naked, some of them were completely naked, girls in body paint, and half masks with feathers sticking out of them on the thumping dance floor. 

Youre sure about this?

Im sure. I know somethings off with him. 

Look, let me look into it before you do anything. I know you two are close and youll want to be the one to put him down but maybe hes just going through a rutt, it happens from time to time. If I find anything concrete Ill give you the go ahead, but just hold off on it for now, alright?

Tomish agreed reluctantly, watching Robin stand at a finger coaxing accross the room from the girl with the nice ass. 

I mean it Tomish. He said not taking his eyes off the girl. If you act without me I will have your ass. But If I do find anything.. He broke the stare to pull a revolver out of the back of his pants and set it on the table. 

Use this. Put him down quick. I know its not your style, but he was one of us for christs sake. None of your freaky shit. 

Tomish didnt say anything, he just dragged the gun across the table and stuffed in the back of his pants. When the time came he would do it quickly, this wasnt something Tomish would enjoy. It was a favor and not one he wanted to do but he knew Noulii would have done the same for him.

Good boy. Robin patted Tomish on the side of his head and started across the flashing room.

The call was short and simple. Robin told him he had picked up traces on Nouliis home holotag, whatever it was he had wiped it as clean as he could but the company controlled everything and nothing was ever completely deleted, there had been mention of a girl, and they found 1abz still alive in her home unvisited. It was enough to warrent what Tomish had already known needed to happen. Make it quick. Robin had said solemly before clicking out. 

Noulii hadnt shown at work or home for two days. Tomish knew where he would be.


Tomish stood behind noulie, he flicked his cigarette over the tubular overlook railing into the trash filled abyss thousands of feet below.

I know youd be the one to find me up here. Noulii took a drag and let it out, his gaze falling down onto the thousands of moving specks below running as far as the eye could see, simple square buldings, huts built out of rubish, entire mini plexes built with space and mining rubble till it hit the far wall of the complex, just a hazy solid line of bronze stretching the horizon from this far away. A horizon of the shit of the universe the, lowest the human race had to offer, the bottom of the complex.

We all end up here one time or another. Besides Im the only one looking. Tomish said a few feet behind him.

Dont lie to me Tomish. Youve never been down here, you hate the sight of them. 

And the smell. He added. but that doesnt mean I havent thought about it, imagined it. The little people down there, struggling for life, running over each other, murdering, raping, stealing, inacting the lowest act of humanity every second of every day, mulling in their filth, completely unware they are being watched by someone thousands of feet above them. 

Noulii laughed. 

And what makes us so much better than them Tomish? The only difference between us and them is that we think we are better and they believe it other than that theres nothing. Fuck, were probably worse than them. 

Tomish sighed, he wondered how long Noulii had been able to keep all this under wraps, he was really far gone. 
where is she Nules?

Noulii didnt say anything for a moment, instead he shuffled through his jacket for another cigerette. 

The girl? 


The girl. 

A place, I hope, for both our sakes, you will never find Tomi. 

Tomishs heart sunk a bit. All his life he had insisted people call him Tomish, and he had insisted on calling people by their propper names. Nules had been only one to ever call him the logical suffix of his name and he had been the only person he ever let get away with it.

Tomish tossed his head and swallowed the feelings rising to the back of his throat. Come on Nules, dont be like that. Just give me a name. One name and everything can go back to normal, Robin gave me his word on behalf of the company. They want you back too, you know?. 

Noulii hadnt turned to face Tomish the entire time they spoke, instead he kept his eyes out over the trash filled wasteland of the lower complex filled with crumbling shelters the company passed off as apartments and collected rent on.

Youre begging Tomi. Noulii said letting out a half chuckle. You hate begging. 

Tomish opened his mouth to defend himself but stopped. He knew Noulii was right, he was begging, and he knew that had been a lie just like Nuolii did, and he knew that that lie had been more for himself than anything. He wanted to beleive it, but it was time. 

Tomish looked away and back to the cat walks he had walked over to get here, shook his head clear, and pulled the revolver Robin had given him from the back of his belt. 

Nouli breathed in deeply on the end of his cigerette. 

Tomish leveled the pistol to the base of his skull.

Whenever you find her, make it quick, you or her. If you dont they will. 

Tomish didnt bother to ask what he meant. The Nules he had known was gone. 

Noulii tossed his cigerette butt into the abyss and Tomish pulled the trigger. 

He caught his best friends  limp body as it fell and heaved it up over the railing.

 Tomish didnt stay to watch him fall.

It took Tomish nearly 6 months of data mining and re-imaiging to find the girl, Noulii called Rosie. From the restored fragments of Noulliis holo tech Tomish had found he had used his family connections in the third level to get her into an orphanage probably working up there, though it didnt say for sure. He had to admit it was a pretty good hiding place. High enough up in the complex that he wouldnt have ever looked and high enough out of his reach. He only had normal level two clearence. Level three would be difficult, but Robin had gotten for him as a favor. Only a 24 hour pass he had warned him though. Any time he spent up there after that would be considered tresspassing and they would put him down and it would be completely out of his hands. 

Tomish had said he understood. He took the shute up and waisted no time in marveling at the pristine and nearly empty walkways, the clean metal sqaures rising up in sleek shining brilliance, nor did he take the time to notice the glares of disgust and shock as he strode by third level residents. 

He followed his holo techs directions to the orphanage, scanned his clearance badge at the door. 

A pretty girl smiled up from behind the counter. Tomish checked her name tag, Lily. Not Rosie, but a name badge didnt mean anything, though he didnt think it was her, not with such a half assed name change like Lily? Too close to Rosie Noulie would be more  careful than that. 

Hello Lily. Tomish smiled. 

Lily Smiled back. Hello Mr.. uh..? 

Just Tomish is fine. 

Oh, alright then, hello Mr. Tomish, what can I do for you? 

Im looking for a girl that goes by Rosie..? Shed have been about nine months.

Well I certainly cant disclose names like that Mr. Tomish.

I have clearence. He pushed his badge over the counter.

Oh, I see Lily took the badge up in her hands and examined it for a bit. What does a real estate agent want with adoption? 

Adoption..?

Well this is an orphanage.. and you are asking about Rosie are you not? 

Yeah, Rosie. 

Well, she came in about nine months ago. The cutest little girl, no information on her, nothing she was a drop off as far as we could tell. It happens sometimes, even up here. 

Wait, Rosie doesnt work here? 

No.. why would she? Shes only two years old. That is a rough estimate though, we cant tell for sure without her official birth records which she seems to have none. 

Oh.. Tomish backed himself down into a near chair.

Do you want to meet her? 

It took Tomish a minute to reply. No birth records, she was the bastard children of one those whores down in easton lower probably. Thats the only reason they couldnt find her birth records, because she wasnt born up here. Tomish had never considered the possibility of it being Nouliis child because he had never considered the possibility of having a child himself.  

Uh.. no. He got up and shook his head. No, I dont want to see her.

Oh.. ok.

Tomish started heading for the door then stopped and turned. Do Rosie a massive favor. If anyone, anyone like me or anyone in general comes around asking  about her, tell them whatever you need to to get them to leave. Tomish, left the orphanage and the entire way back to the shutes regretted not seeing her. At least he could have made sure it really was Nuollis daughter, but he knew he didnt have to see her to know it was. Nuollii wasnt a heat throb, no girl could have fucked with his head that bad, but a daughter.. Tomish tried to think what would he do if he had a child, how could he go on living the life he lived knowing that he had a little person to take care of in this world, how could he justify the things he did to them the way he justified them to himself late at night? 

Tomish needed to go think, he needed to go clear his head. 


Tomish stood on edge of the overlook. He swear he could just make out Nouliis suited body amdist a closed off section of trash away from the slums. 

Thats where he would aim. 

Whyd you do it? Robins voice was distant in the vacum of the abyss he stared into.

Do what? 

All you had to do was say something about her, about the kid. 

 I know.

Robin scoffed after a moment. You two were always inseparable you know? 

Yeah, I know. 

I suppose this is only fitting. 

It is. 

Tomish only heard the bang. He never felt it.
