Overlap

My job is killing me. Well, maybe not really killing me. Maybe Im just being overly dramatic. Maybe this statement is probably being muttered, screamed, whispered or just thought of by millions of corporate drones like me at this very moment in time. Honestly I dont even think my job is whats killing me. Its the unbearable routine, the repetitiveness of days fading into each other while Im moved  thankfully - by an invisible force that ushers me through a mundane set daily activities: breakfast, work, lunch, work, exercise (maybe), dinner, sleep, repeat.

Theres more to all of this I guess. Admittedly some days are better than others  but its the general concept, a birds-eye view of what my life has become thats the unmistakable epitome of an effective, but slow acting deadly toxin. I have learned to embrace my situation, even find comfort in it, as someone could eventually find comfort in impending doom. But I was wrong. Something was about to happen all right, but it wasnt the end. Was it something leading to the end? Maybe. Im certain that Im losing my mind though.

Let me get to it.

My office is a medium-sized, purposely pretentious workplace in a typical corporate, lackluster office building. Its not the most common place in which youll find an advertising agency, but here it was nonetheless. Im usually the first to arrive in the morning and more often than not, the last one to leave at night. My routine is as precise as Swiss clockwork: I go in at 8:00 am (extremely early for someone in this line of business), make coffee, sit down in my computer and work, occasionally interrupted by morning greetings from co-workers walking in. Mr. Hass, the companys CFO, is a burly, old German guy who probably shouldve retired 4 years ago but refuses to stop working because he says retirement would kill him  I should see about getting a blood transfusion from this guy. He usually gets in at 9:15 am in a consistently amicable mood and says good morning with a deep German accent as he walks into a crystal-walled office behind my cubicle. Sebastian, one of one graphic designers, is about 3-4 years older than me but its a child at heart. His cubicle is right in front of mine so we usually talk and joke around whenever were not frantically working ourselves to exhaustion. And exhausted is exactly how I felt today. This was a particularly slow day, so I found it strange that at 5:30 PM I was about ready to pass out til tomorrow  I must be coming down with something. I tell Sebastian Im leaving and I could hear him say jokingly utter something about me working part time now as I kept on walking towards the office door. My boss is entrenched in a corner office, usually behind closed doors so he barely sees me come in or go out. I make the executive decision to not say goodbye so he wouldnt really know at what time I left.

As I get home, Im too tired to eat, let alone prepare anything to eat. So I just lay down in the couch and turn on the TV until 11:30 pm, which is usually the time I go to bed on a normal weekday. 

I fell into an uncharacteristically deep sleep. Im a fairly light sleeper, so my idea of a good nights rest involves waking up an average of 7 times in one night; two of those to get water or go to the bathroom. This night however, I slept soundly until the alarm clock went off. I hit the snooze and rolled over knowing I had 9 glorious minutes to doze off before I really had to get up. Those minutes wouldve tragically felt like 9 seconds in a normal day. But not today. As Im slipping into a comfortable state of unconsciousness, I start feeling a strong pressure in my ears; a kind of pressure when an airplane gains or loses altitude, or an elevator speeds to the highest floor of a skyscraper. But it wasnt just my ears. I felt as if my whole body was sucked into a void, as I heard a deep ringing in my ears  and the pressure kept getting stronger and stronger. Im not sure for how long I felt like this, maybe a just a few seconds until I opened my eyes ... Or did I? I felt like I opened them. Was I still asleep? I could see my room exactly as it is but I really couldnt move at all. Was this a dream? Everything was exactly as in reality. I could see my industrial ceiling with pipes hanging all over I could see my white closet doors and my bathroom door exactly as I would see them in a horizontal, lying-down position so were my eyes open? The ringing in my ears got progressively louder. And then it happened.

From the corner of my eyes I could see myself walking towards the bathroom door and opening it. I wasnt scared  I was mesmerized. I could see myself, exactly how I am. My movements were pretty clumsy  jeez do I look this awkward all the time?  I had that uncomfortable feeling of watching myself in a video, where youre represented exactly as you really are. I was fascinated as I could watch this  me  brushing his teeth and then walking over the closet, picking some clothes, then disappearing out of my field of vision. But why? If this is a dream, then why cant I follow myself as if I was some camera mounted in a drone filming whatever is going on with my doppelganger. Something was seriously wrong. I could here the sounds I would be making if I was there making myself breakfast with the TV on, but my field of view was still focused on my bathroom and my closet  exactly what I could see if I was still lying in bed. The ringing in my ears was extremely loud at this point and I could barely pick up any sounds at all anymore. Im completely petrified. I have to wake up!

I open my eyes at the same time that the loud ringing abruptly stops  I could still hear an echo of it inside my head, now mixed in with my alarm, which sounds like a woodpecker drilling through a metal pipe. Its one of the preset alarms sounds in my phone; extremely annoying but effective. It has never failed to wake me up. Im not facing my bathroom or my closet  Im facing the opposite wall, which gives me some assurance that this was, after all, just a dream. I pick up my phone and the time read 9:26 am. The alarm had been ringing since 7:29. 

I exploded out of bed. What the hell happened? My heart was racing, as I get ready for work; I hate being late. Not because I have to take care of any specific pressing matter, but because I hate it when my routine gets unexpectedly disrupted. I know it sounds like OCD but I guess Im just wired that way. Besides Im not the kind of person who oversleeps  as I mentioned before, Im a pretty light sleeper, which made me feel very uneasy. I brush the nerves off, blaming it on the long work hours and stressful days  this was bound to happen some day right? Like a broken winning streak.

As Im quickly getting ready for work, Im still thinking of the strange dream I had. I have to confess Im really into supernatural and paranormal stuff. Dreams have also been a fascinating subject and I love to have strange dreams that I can remember and fill in the blanks with whatever makes the story more exciting  or creepy if thats what it calls for.  

Nothing in my apartment seemed out of place. Im not particularly detailed oriented when it comes to how everything is arranged in my apartment, so if somebody would go in while Im not there and slightly move things around I probably wouldnt notice. Was I really inspecting my place to see if the double from my dream had moved some stuff around?  This is ridiculous, I have to go.  I say out loud. I talk to myself a lot, but most of the time I dont really talk; I barely move my lips to the words Im thinking. When I talk to myself is because some serious shits going down in my head at that point.

The security guard in my building hates me for some reason.  I have seen the same scene repeated at least 100 times since I work there. I walk by his counter and politely say good morning, while he keeps on reading whatever it is that he reads, or attentively looks down on some security monitor  he doesnt even acknowledge me. Two seconds after I walk by I would see him fist-bump some guy walking by  Whats going on Reggie? the guy would say. Hanging in there man  how are ya?.   Whatever Reggie. Im not gonna call you by your name. If I say good morning, you should at least respond. 

Today was different though. I say Good Morning and Reggie, well  he still doesnt respond. Instead he just stares at me as I walk towards the elevators. He looks a bit perplexed for like 5 seconds and then goes back to his monitors.

I jump in the elevator and go up the 21 floors to my office. As I walk in I smell freshly brewed coffee. This is a bit odd since Im the one who makes it every morning, but then again Im pretty late  its 9:50 so Mr. Hass must have arrived and decided he wouldnt wait for me to get his early morning caffeine fix. Since I have to walk right past his cubicle I stop for a second to say hello. Good morning Mr. Hass, hows everything today? I had to run some early errands this morning  Id rather blame my tardiness on anything else before admitting to have slept through my alarm.

He looked at me as if I had said something completely incoherent. Did you forget something? I thought you were on your way to meet Jerry Friedman. Shit. The Friedman meeting at 10:30 I did forget. But how does Mr. Hass know about it? He doesnt know my schedule. uhhh yes, I mean  Im just getting my laptop and Ill be on my way.  - I quickly reply.

I rush to my cubicle and Sebastian intercepts me right before I get there  Hey youre back! Did you forget something? Dont forget to ask Friedman about the extra budget for the Q3 Promos. My heart stops. What do you mean Im back?  I just got here. He frowns and very slowly says You left  about 5 minutes ago  to the Friedman meeting. Man, are you feeling ok? You dont look so good today. My heart stops I certainly need some time to process all this but Im already late for my meeting, so I gather my laptop and documents and run right through the door.

Less than 10 minutes after arriving to the office Im back in my car, Im a bit stressed I would not make it to the meeting, but my mind is racing. Who did Sebastian see in my cubicle? I could have been somebody else but then again, nobody in the office looks a lot like me. I start to get a splitting headache as Im driving to the clients office, it could be stress, or that I havent eaten, or both; either way, it was pretty bad. The light seemed extremely bright right now; is this what a migraine feels like? But then I start to hear the same loud ringing in my ears I heard this morning. This is definitely not normal, my vision starts to quickly blur and I struggle to change lanes and pull over before I crash into somebody. I think I was able to pull over but I could no longer see or hear anything. Everything is just white with very faint outlines and this time, the ringing is so loud its all I can hear. I break into a cold sweat; I have to call for help so I reach out for my phone in my cup holder. Im able to grab it but  I at this point Im completely blind and Im not able to see the screen to even dial 911  I must be having a stroke. 

Just when Im about to pass out, I start feeling better. My headache starts to fade away supernaturally fast and the ringing in my ears is gone as well. Everything happened so quickly. The first thing I see is my phone, which Im still holding with both my hands. The time was 11:45  more than an hour had gone by from the time I was driving to the meeting. I look up to keep driving but I wasnt in the highway anymore, I was parked in my clients parking lot. How the hell did I get there? 

Im extremely confused, even lightheaded, but I manage to get out of my car. My legs feel like rubber, just like they would feel after a very stressful event. My main objective is to walk to Friedmans office and wholeheartedly apologize for being late. Jeez Im going to tell him exactly what happened  he would surely take some pity on me and tell me to go to the doctor. Im sure that theres a perfectly logical explanation to all of this. Ive heard some people develop some sort of complex migraines that, not only cause loss of vision but can also cloud their judgment temporarily. Its a bit of a stretch I know, but its certainly the most reasonable theory I have for this right now.

The elevator doors slide right open and I step out to CYS Corporate Offices. Two thousand square ft. carpeted with cubicles stood behind a fairly small and unimpressive lobby with two black glass doors that allowed zero visibility to the inside. I approach the lobby desk and Susan, the receptionist, is on the phone. She transfers the call, and I start talking immediately after she puts down the phone. 

Susan, how are you? I had a meeting with Connor Friedman at 10:30  and I know Im hopelessly late but I was wondering if he was around in between meetings so I can personally apologize and reschedule. - She gives me a vaguely perplexed stare for about 5 seconds before looking down at her visitors log. 

But  Jason right? 
Yes, I was supposed to meet with Mr. Friedman at 10:30.
Yes  and you did. Mr. Friedman stepped out of the office right after he met with you. You shook hands right here in the lobby. Did you have another appointment scheduled with him today? - This cant be happening. I try to look as composed as I can, but I cant hide my desperation anymore.
But Susan  Thats impossible. I got here an hour late. I didnt meet with him. 
You certainly did dear. Or someone that looks exactly like you signed the log and met with Mr. Friedman before you. Shes now wearing a nervous smile, as if shes expecting me to laugh and tell her Im joking or completely snap and start throwing things around the room.
 Can I umm  see the log?
She produces a wide black folder and I immediately recognize one of the signatures. At 10:25 its my name, with my signature and my handwriting.

As Im driving back to the office Im completely set on scheduling a visit to both a doctor and a psychiatrist. Did I just have an hour-long meeting with a client without any recollection of it ever happening? How did the time go by so fast while I was in the car? What about this morning? Was I really in the office before I  actually got there?

Reggie is sitting at the front desk looking at a magazine and I have to clear my throat to get his attention. Umm  Hi Reggie. He looks up and gives me an aggravated look, as if I had stood before him and complete enlightenment in the form of a Maxim Issue 225. 
What can I do for you? he says.
 I stammer I - Id like to see the video log from this morning between 8:00 am and 9:30 am. You have a camera filming the entrance of the building right? 
I cant show the video logs to anyone but security or the police. Sorry. Why do you want to see it anyway?
I think I dropped my wallet umm  here at the lobby. I would like to see if someone picked it up. I couldnt bring myself to tell him that I wanted to check if another me had walked in right before me. Reggie, please  it wont take you long. This is important. I must have had a very convincing tone of desperation, as Reggie slowly approached the one of the small monitors and tells me to move closer so I can also see the screen. He fast-forwards the morning log, maybe 6 times faster than normal speed. Fast enough to go through it quickly, but slow enough so we can recognize people coming in. And there I was  at 8:00 am this morning, walking past the lobby and entering the elevator, dressed exactly as I was. I tell Reggie to switch to the elevator camera and I could see myself again. It was definitely me. Then we fast forward to 9:30 and there I was  coming in again. I came in twice without coming out. 

Reggie paused the video and just stared blankly at the screen for about 4 seconds before facing me  I knew I had seen you come in twice this morning Howd you do that? Did you take the 25-floor emergency stairs and then walked back through the lobby just to play some little trick on me? You think this is funny?
Im feeling a strange mix of angst and perplexion at this point. Man I would never do something like that  I manage to slur while watching Reggie quickly jump to the emergency exit camera in the monitor. He fast-forwards from 8  9:30 am looking for me  the trickster  as I was surely going to come out the emergency exit door. All we could see were a couple of maintenance guys. Reggie tries going rewinding the video one more time but Im already walking away from him towards the elevator. I can hear him saying How the hell did you do th The elevator door closes.

My phone vibrates as Im stepping out of the elevator and walking to my office. Its a text from Connor Friedman: Thank you for a great presentation. Looking forward to wrapping up Q2 and kick-starting those Q3 Promos.  Well, this other me seems to be doing a pretty fucking good job, it seems.

You know that feeling when you couldve sworn you did something, but then you realize that you didnt do it?  An email not sent, shirts not picked up from the dry-cleaners, a movie you thought you watched with someone  but you really watched with somebody else?   that delicate synapse discrepancy that momentarily throws you off your train of thought, only to be swiftly disregarded for a lack of true importance. Well multiply that by a million, and youd understand how Im feeling.

I start picking up my stuff to leave. Its a lot earlier than usual but I obviously wont be able to concentrate for the rest of the day. All I want is to get home, take a shower, sleep this off and wake up tomorrow as if nothing had happened. 

I nimbly sneak out of the office without saying good-bye. Avoiding contact at this point is crucial to stop any further oh-didnt you-just-leave-or-did-a-certain-thing-just-a-minute-ago moments from happening. 

As Im walking down the hallway to my apartment I start hearing the same ringing in my ears  relentless  intense. The same, already familiar headache starts as well and before my vision starts to fade I can see through the crack below the door theres light coming out  and sound  as if the TV was on. I live alone  but someones inside my apartment. I reach out to open the door but I almost cant see my hand anymore  my movements are slow and clumsy.  

I can see the door handle twisting, but Im not touching it. Someones opening it from the inside.

Then the door opens.














