His hands tremble as he sat on the ground leaning against his car. The hazards flickered on and off, sending an orange glow into the night. His vision was blurry and his mind was slowly twisting as he scrambled through his past memories.

The man took a deep breath of the fresh forest air. The scent of maple sap was stuck in his nose.

He slowly raised his head and watched the stars in the sky as a nice cool spring breeze swayed through the trees. The man closed his eyes, as the breeze blew his dirty long hair in his face.

He scratched his scruffy face, " I need a shave" said the man
"No you don't" a soft voice said coming from the trees. The Orange lights flickering began to bring a face from the distance close. The figure got closer, it was his wife. She has a beautiful smile that reach each ear and dark long hair. Her dress swayed from the wind as she walked to the side of the car and began to sit down next to him.

"Hey, honey....where did you go" the man said with a smile on his face
" I just took a little walk, why did you miss me"
"of course I did, you make the worst days in this world that much better just hearing your voice alone"

Her smile grew, brightening up the forest. She brought her hand to his face and placed a small soft kiss on his scruffy cheek. 

A tear rolled down the man's cheek and beaded at his chin. "I really did miss you" the man's voice stammered as he brought his eyes to hers. " you are always there for me, even when you're not.......you still are" 

A siren appeared in the distance that caught their attention. 
"What station do you think it is....you being the hot shot fire fighter an all"
He let out a chuckle "Hot shot huh?"
"Not sure, could be station 46 or 52, we are in there district" The man slowly rose up and reach for his phone on his seat. 
He unlocked his phone, no service nothing will pop up for a while if it was us. The man muttered to himself.

The man slid back down and layed his head back against the car. His wife kissed him on the cheek and whispered "everything will be all  right"
He slowly grabbed her hand an said "please.......stay, don't leave me again" As tears began to roll down his cheek again.
She gripped his hand tight as his hands grew cold. She kissed his knuckles and stroked the side of his face gently. 

The sirens grew louder as each second passed. Voices began to come from a distance with spot lights and the breaking of branches.

"Over here" came a voice filled with concern in the darkness of the forest. A spot light caught the edge of the bumper as the group got closer.

As the group of men made their way into the woods.
There layed a man who was clutching a picture of his recently deceased wife as he held one final conversation with her before passing away 5 minutes after he collided with a tree while drunk driving.