  
  
 

Check out part 1 [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/shortstories/comments/3wfo40/sp_sf_the_universal_truth_pt1/).


Ch. 3  
Our old apartment has really changed, she has done a lot to the place. The living room is a nice light gray but everything seems so modern. I recognize almost none of the furniture or decorations, I do notice a big flat screen television but without a bezel and no buttons on the side. This all feels so alien and foreign to me. "I hope you like what I did with the place, Peter," my wife comments. I respond, "It is really amazing, I am astonished how much everything has changed." My wife responds, "Thank you, now please take a seat and I will make some coffee and we discuss all that has happened and you can tell me about the thing you said at the hospital when you woke up." I take a seat on big sofa and 5 seconds later my wife has two cups of coffee. "Wow, that was quick, how did you do that?' I ask. She responds, "When we got in the car, and when I made the phone call to work I may have also pre-made the coffee, everything is so interconnected now. You could literally throw clothes in the washing machine before work and have them washed and dried after you get back. But that isn't what is most important, what I am about to tell you is going to be super scary and it won't seem true but I will always be here for you." I nod my head, what could have happened, aliens invade the earth we now have to live under a curfew because they snatch people off the streets? I just sip my coffee and let my wife talk.  
  
That wasn't what I expected, so apparently the natural resources are depleting, the world is almost running out of fuel. It started in 2018 when China bombed Anchorage, the world was in shock, but China didn't stop there. Later bombing Hawaii, California, Oregon, the whole god damn west coast. The United States has been making efforts to fight back but China just keeps pushing and threatening and the world is just letting China and the US go at it, no one wants to step in. Later in 2022 the US has announced the North American Union. Canada, United States and Mexico are now in a single union. Apparently now all major fuel reserves are major targets for the Chinese and the NAU have been heavily guarding it. Jets and planes are getting shot down in the west coast, there is no hope to reaching China. The reason for curfew is because of espionage reasons and the NAU is fearful of people meeting in secret and have installed laws and cameras everywhere. There is no more privacy, the world is upside down. I look back at my wife and say, "Oh my god, my aunts and uncles and nephews in Oregon, are they safe?" "I don't know, but you can later look it up on my tablet once you tell me about the thing in the hospital, you said there was some story to it." I simply respond, "I know our parents."  
  
Ch. 4  
"Peter, what are you talking about our parents, you sure the coma didn't do anything to you? You need to go back to the hospital in the morning?" I respond, "Please, Isabella, just allow me to talk and I can prove it later." She nods her head yes and I say, "Alright, this is going to sound crazy and unbelievable but you absolutely need to trust me. T-This universe, has a creator, a meaning, when I was in the coma I almost died and that I got to see the truth about this universe. Me, you and everyone on this earth is harboring a universe. It starts at fertilization, the two cells come together, the universe begins. Sort of like the big bang theory, and as the brain expands and learns new ideas so does the universe and when we die the universe collapses that universe no longer exists. You also know how there is a certain part of our brain that we aren't sure if we unlocked? We haven't. That part of the brain is used to travel between universes and communicate universes it holds so much power you wouldn't believe. Do you believe me?" My wife is looking at me as if I went crazy but I know this is true, it wasn't some dream, and I can prove it to my wife.  
  
"I-I don't know what to say Peter that is so radical, I am certain the coma did something to you, I almost feel as though I don't know who you are anymore." I plead to my wife, "Honey, please look. I know I had the talk with the creator of our universe, I have unlocked that part of my brain. Just set your coffee cup on the coffee table and I can prove it to you." Oh god please don't let me be a fool I think to myself as Isabella sets the cup on the table. The creator mentioned while I was in her universe, what a gorgeous universe it was, they didn't have planets they were just all on one huge open plane with grass and trees it was amazing to hear at first, anyways that she mentioned all these powers we could do with our brain and moving stuff was one of them. I stare at the cup and think of placing it in my wife's beautiful shaped hands, a second later it floats through the air and into her hands. "The creator said we could move stuff with our minds once we unlocked that part," I say and my wife is baffled I can't imagine what is going through her mind. "Peter t-that is I don't even know what to say, but I believe you now," my wife responds still so shocked. "Look, I can unlock your brain as well and about almost everyone else, do you wish to have it unlocked?" I ask my wife. "Peter I will think about it, but we better go get some sleep and talk more in the morning, I just need to sleep on this," Isabella responds still all the way baffled and shocked. But man do I have plans for how I am going to use this new found power, the creator mentioned no restrictions and that once I learn more and expose myself to more I can keep getting more ideas. The catch is that as I do that, the tiny universe inside my head shrinks and collapses faster and faster, essentially I die quicker as I learn. But I need to make the world right and after I do, I am going to open everyone's eyes...

Quick Edit: Changed some errors like missing quotations, bit too early in the morning still for me.