People sometimes ask me what the most disturbing case I ever worked was. I usually tell them about the domestic abuse case where the guy got out of jail and beat his wife to death the next night. Occasionally I tell them about the serial killer who'd been found in a fast food restaurant, and whom was killed in the ensuing shootout.

I tell them these stories because they're not too hard to explain, they fit the request and they usually shut the requester up for a while. I don't tell them about my most disturbing case because I just can't do it anymore. The nightmares haven't stopped and I can't get the images out of my head. But my therapist told me maybe it would help if I got it all out somewhere anonymously, perhaps, where there's little pressure. So, I guess I'll try.

Mara was a strange woman, going by what her mother Diane had told me. As a child, she was put into all sorts of camps and programs and never really allowed play time. She was gifted, her parents were convinced. She was raised being told that she'd make them proud someday. That she'd be a beautiful, beautiful star. Her mother was an actress who'd started off in commercials and ended up in some romance films, nothing greater than that. After she'd hit her peak and just couldn't land the roles meant for young girls anymore, she'd become convinced her daughter would take her place. Mara's father was a business man, often away on trips, so he was never really there to provide any balance for her.

Her mother had always been pushing her to be an actress, but the girl never showed much natural talent. She preferred to run and play and dance. One day her mother had her standing on the kitchen table, the windows open for all the neighbors to hear as she recited a monologue. The girl'd lost her balance but before mother could react, she'd caught herself gracefully balancing on her toes, hair shimmering in the sun as her hands went up for balance. Something changed in her mother's eyes and she enrolled the girl in ballet classes.

Her mother pushed and pushed her. Little Mara, the girl who loved to dance on her toes, now had ballet being mainlined into her veins at a steady rate every day. Her heels ached, her legs burned. What was once accompanied by breeze and laughter was now consistently trailed with sweat, grit, and constant effort. But she wanted it. She did. She knew her mother was pushing her towards greatness and secretly, she wanted it even more than Diane. One day a girl had made fun of her for bombing a pose, saying that the class try-hard had started to slip. She got up off the floor, steadily paced her way over to the girl and jabbed her in the eyes.

At this point in the interview, her mother was looking more distressed than she had before. I offered her some water but she waved it off and went for a glass of scotch and came back, continuing.

She knew there something off about Mara. She was so beautiful and sweet, usually. Mara was all shy smiles and introversion until she became angry and let it build up. Then she'd do something terrible. She depended on her mother throughout everything, but her mother began to become fearful of ever making the girl enraged. Mara had a delicate sweetness to her, her mother had said. Diane recounted taking Mara on the ferry and seeing her gazing out at the water with a smile on her face, her short, pale blonde hair blowing in the wind; her pale blue eyes squinted. She'd looked like a dandelion. She began to earn that nickname, but it wasn't often spoken around her.

She had that delicate side but there was an uncanny fierceness to her, too. When she wasn't in the dance room practicing, her red tutu ablaze, she was sitting in a corner somewhere, reading, with a billowy red scarf wrapped around her thin neck. When approached, she'd slowly raise her head, scanning the trespasser with her cold blue eyes, before she donned a forced little smile and dealt with their shit with a gleam of disdain in her eyes. But if someone ever made fun of her or did something to hurt her career, they regretted it. All came to respect and fear Mara, and no one called her Dandelion except for in private. Many even went out of their way to avoid her, for fear of accidentally meeting her icy gaze. A red scarf trailing through a room meant a hushed room.

But the girl's coldness melted away when she danced. In her signature crimson-red tutu, Mara would drift across the stage, falling and rising like a blood-soaked dandelion in the wind. She was spellbinding. She was beautiful. She was terrifying. She soon became known as the Crimson Dandelion.

Her mother admired her, but Mara had become increasingly distant over the years. In college she'd met this strange boy who majored in mechanical engineering, and the two got a house together and Mara continued on with her dancing, winning many awards.

Diane put down her empty glass, eyes shifting towards the floor. She continued to speak.

Mara had been preparing for a huge Ballet on Broadway. This was enormous for her career. She was meant to be the lead dancer in most of the scenes, and everything had been going well - until she'd started falling during rehearsals. She'd said her vision had begun to get blurry lately, and she was losing her balance. It was an enormous issue. She'd gone to the doctor and was eventually diagnosed with Multiple Sclerosis.

It had come out of nowhere and left Mara devastated. Diane felt awful but there was not much to be done. Mara's role in the Ballet was quickly taken by another girl, and that was that. She'd showed up there once with her husband, screaming and raving. She'd tried to hit a girl but had fallen over, and was eventually escorted off the premises by police. She'd later received an anonymous letter saying she should relax; the career of the infamous Crimson Dandelion was over. To just let the other girls take over from here and how they'd be sure to commemorate her in the performance somehow.

Diane had no calls returned, and when she'd gone to visit Mara, she was only met with hostility. Mara was dripping with venom at the mouth, cursing her former dance partners. Alluding to vengeance. She was cloaked in dark crimson and had hatred in her eyes. She said she was going to tear down the dance studio in her home and convert it into something else with her husband. I couldn't have known-

At this point Diane started breaking down. I said it was alright, that I'd heard more than enough.

I have to take over the telling of this story from here, though I'm reluctant to finish it. I'll try to wrap this up as best I can.

A couple nights before the Ballet was scheduled to premiere, the police department received word of a mass disappearance. The main coach for the team of ballerinas had called 911 and explained that he'd been unable to reach any of them for practice in the morning and police went to the apartment and hotel rooms of each girl, discovering they'd gone missing. Whoever'd stolen them - the feat was impressive and sinister. Someone must've been following them all from practice. This had to take preparation. Many of their doorknobs and locks had been dismantled quickly and professionally, and traces of chloroform were found in each residence. Any people who happened to be at the residences with them were shot to death efficiently with a silenced weapon. Not only were the girls taken, their tutus were taken as well. We studied motivations and questioned people who worked at the studio. It didn't take long before we had our prime suspects. I took point in a formation of multiple squad cars and we began to head towards Mara Stevens' home.

My new partner Rodgers joked that he'd never let his daughters become ballerinas and I couldn't laugh. I had such a bad feeling. The black skies poured rain on the windshield and the streetlights passed rhythmically, increasingly slower than my heartbeat. I felt sick. We all pulled up in the long driveway. The house was dark but there were cars parked. I warned Rodgers and we pulled our guns and began making our way to the front door. We tried knocking and yelling but we got nothing. I could hear something indiscernible from behind the door. A low hum and the occasional clang of metal. I put my hand to the wooden door and could feel a steady vibration.

I motioned the team over and one of them came over and kicked the door down. We went in with flashlights, searching every room. We found nothing, following the humming and vibrations as they got stronger. We eventually came to a wooden door, with a sign on it that said, "Rehearsal in progress, please do not disturb." The door was practically rattling on its hinges with the vibration. We kicked the door open and stormed in but before we could shoot him quickly enough, Mara's husband let off a few wild shots, one of which hit my rookie partner in the head; the last of which he had desperately aimed at his own head. Some of the more nervous officers had unloaded on him after he was already dead. I ran to my partner and screamed into my walkie talkie for an ambulance. But before I could feel more anguish over what had just happened, I realized what was in the room. It began to set in. We all turned to look at something we all wish had never existed.

Taking up most of the dance room was this mechanical structure coming partially out of the floor. It was a series of metal tracks in an intricate flower-like pattern, and running on these metal tracks were sharpened steel rods. Impaled on each of these steel rods was a ballerina, tutu and all. Each of the missing ballerinas. We watched them for a moment in silence as they danced. At the base of the rods were pistons, slowly raising and lowering them as they went around the tracks in intricate patterns. They were being made to perform ballet routines. One of the officers next to me turned away from the ballet and began to heave violently. My hand covered my face. The air hung so heavy with the thick stench of iron that it was sickening. I've come to associate this smell with suffering, and I knew that great suffering had taken place here. Another officer turned away from the scene as he began to laugh. "Hahahaha ah what the fuck man! I just wanted to go home tonight man!" The laughing began to turn into sobbing. "I just wanted to fucking go home! What the fuck, this is so sick."

The ballerinas continued to slowly rise and fall as they flopped around in forced expression, their limbs flailing around violently as a mechanism with no feeling jerked them erratically around the room, making them perform to blood-speckled walls and soaked floors. And to one woman, sitting in a wheelchair in the middle of the contraption, where the pale swirling bodies surrounded her.
I looked at Mara for a moment and she made eye contact with me. Her glacier-like eyes burned into my soul, and I could almost feel the emptiness and anger radiating from her. Her thin form was wrapped in a white gown and a billowy red scarf. A dancing body temporarily obscured her from my vision and when it moved she was pulling a gun out from under her scarf. Before I had time to scream, she had put it to her head and pulled the trigger.

My new partner had not survived. It wasn't meant to be. Nobody was meant to see this. It wasn't meant to exist. Cops swarmed around me soon and a bomb squad fumbled around with wires until the contraption came whirring down to a steady stop. The bodies were removed from the machine. One girl was still alive but she'd bled out on the way to the hospital.

Mara had left no notes, no explanations of why she'd done this. Her husband had been an apparently disturbed man, intent to go along with her plan and do all of the work for her. I was already trying to bury this all in the deepest recesses of my mind but the story was on the front of every newspaper. "The Crimson Ballet!" I thought it to be a little tasteless, but then again, whoever had written that surely wasn't there. You wouldn't want to talk about something like this if you'd seen it.

I can't figure out to this day why someone would do what she did. I've come to the conclusion that maybe everything isn't meant to be understood. Nature is full of things that we like to forget about. Animals that devour their own young for sustenance. Apes that torture things to death. Many of us like to stop at where life seems pleasant and only see the beauty. Some of us don't want to accept death and its place in this world. I think some creatures are just born to have blood on their hands. I don't know. I don't like to think about it so much.
But I can't get the image of her out of my head. The red scarf flowing into the blood as if they were one, her pale hair speckled in red. Her blue eyes that seemed to look into mine. I'd looked into her eyes and I was scared.
I lay here knowing that anyone can do something like what she did. I'll never know exactly why she did it. I just know that anyone can eventually be pushed to such acts. Those who think it's impossible for them haven't felt a real push yet. We never really know how close to the edge we are when we can't see it. And some of us were born closer to the edge than others. Some of us are born with blood and tragedy in our fates and we don't even know it.