Broken Strings The Fiddler's Explaining
A Short Story

Chapter 1 Blood Center


My friends and family were turned into strings to fix, this horrible violin named the Anullies. It once was fixed by a luthier who became firewood. When the scent haunts my nose as I begin to smell. As the fire grew louder and louder as I heard his thoughts in my ear. When I was the Fiddler of Anullies as I heard their sweet song play. As I saw a Thief that like any other he works with his hands, as he knots me out and took my shoes from off my feet. But I had cross his path, to the unknown. Were I was alone. When I never returned, but I was a were of he was out there. Were you better be wise and don't believe his lies. As ladies sat in a beauteous home, when the gates open wide for a second.

Chapter 2 The Thief's Grief


Again signs of the Thief remain in his shadow. With wonder and horror the action seen, while he silently brings his gloves. Were some times he'll make you commit to his crimes. With hollow tone, a voice thus thunder from the throne. Still working when he seemed surprised by his victims. They haven't paid much. Then they saw murder goose appear, and bleeding turkeys here. Where their deaths were near. As the black smoke swept over the farthest sight of the Thief's eye. An entire village was ruined with a blink of an eye, as he barely saw the village. The Thief risked looking away from his terror. As he snapped, he would shut his grief away until the Fiddler was dead with his violin.

Chapter 3 Malediction


Through his life and he ignored the Fiddler for his massive murders. As the Thief was the hooded beast in this night. As his word were wet and abandoned when his throat was clogged with blood. The Thief's eyes widened and his heart shattered at the Fiddler's sleeve as he looked out over the occult. His thoughts were a black smoke shimmering with his glory and desires. Working with the skill of many performed with his power many time before, when his eyes turned and pulled back his skin revealed death around him.

Chapter 4 Pedigree


The Fiddler's name was once Viol, but no one knew if that was true, to those follow members.The Fiddler heard the trepidation in his voice and turned to see his rival. As fear touch the Fiddler, fear like nothing he knew since his friends and family's death, and he stared down at his knife. His gaze in the dark mist, as his breath was caught by the thief's power as he saw the Fiddler and his death was near. The Fiddler picked up his glittering knife and jammed the blade into the Thief's heart and his face was pale as snow. Finally he saw the Thief fail his last murder. 

As the wind was heavy with the freed souls of his friends and family living in twine.

The Fiddler nodded his head and said," I see your freedom at last, and seeing how much you've grown; soon I'll be a dead man meeting you some day."

"That True?"

The Fiddler knew all this, but still needed to see his family. As the spirits of Anullies disappeared into mist.

The End