I had just finished training at my gym and had arranged to meet my girlfriend Sunni after practice. We decided to try the new vegan restaurant that opened up recently called broccoli revolution. I left class earlier than usual after my coach tried to get me to take a group photo. Insisting I was in a little hurry snuck out and headed to the restaurant with Sunni.

We got there shortly after parking her car and the concept of the restaurant was to order and pay prior to being seated. We ordered, paid and just before we located suitable seats and sat down I saw an old flame sitting at the opposite end of the restaurant. Im not sure if she noticed me but I sure as shit wasnt going to sit near her. Conveniently located upstairs were a few more seats so I directed my girlfriend up there to sit and eat.  

As a side note, we did end on good terms we were just very different people in the short relationship for mutual comfort. I dont need to elaborate what that is because it is obvious what Im insinuating. I was single, she was single, and we had our short time. I think she wanted someone to hang out and party with a little more than I wanted to. In retrospect she was a borderline recovering alcoholic slash vegetarian slash party drug taker. I was just not really into being part of that. My lifestyle was a little different. 

Anyway no dramatic confrontation occurred though I think she did notice me. Who wouldnt notice the ex-acquaintance with another woman going to the furthest seat possible? Up a flight of stairs no less? Dinner ended and my girlfriend drove me home. On the way, in the interest of being honest I told her she was there. She did get a bit miffed but ultimately appreciated the honesty. It shouldnt be a big deal anyway and I think mentioning it later in the future would make it worse.

What stuck this day out the most to prompt me to even write about it is the fact that I saw a Caucasian lady talking to a group of massage ladies outside of the shop. Let me point out the place is close to my condo and is a known special massage location. Let me also point out that when they are free they are outside hanging out. Meals are taken outside as well. What was odd was that the Caucasian lady was getting them to share their food with these ladies, who did look a little dumbfounded. I pondered if the lady had mistaken the location as a food stall when clearly it wasnt. The massage ladies outfits alone would have been clear enough. 

I walked to the local supermarket regardless of the oddity of what I witnessed and continued walking past the various massage shops alongside noting that this probably wasnt the healthiest sight to see on a daily basis regardless of the time of day. I do this walk on my commute to work on a daily basis. I got my avocado and walking back it seemed the Caucasian lady had mingled enough to get the ladies to share their food. She seemed energetic at 10pm bouncing as she talked to them, while the massage ladies seemed indifferent to what she had to say. By no means did I stop and stare however the whole scene was so out of the norm even for Bangkok I just had a compulsion to write about it. 
