I recognized her even before I reached the driveway.  She sat on the porch steps, hands folded neatly in her lap.  It was weird, seeing her so sullen.

"Hey," I said as I slammed the driver's side door and approached her.  "What are you doing?"

"Waiting for you."  She looked up at me with huge green eyes.  "I haven't seen you in a while."

I winced.  Had it really been three months?

Yes, I thought.  Of course.  I hadn't seen my younger stepsister since the funeral, and even then, I'd spoken a maximum of two words to her.  I thought I'd been doing us both a favour, avoiding her, but now I couldn't even remember the exact reasons.

I opened my mouth to apologize, but then stopped.  It was so easy to say, "I'm sorry" and trick yourself into believing things were okay, even when that was far from the truth.  Sometimes, even when you're sincerely sorry, apologies don't mean anything.  This was one such case.

I had always prided myself in being the kind of person who didn't cross the line and upset people.  But I had hurt my little sister, and didn't blame her if she was seriously pissed off at me.

"Let's go inside," I finally said, fishing my keys out of my purse.  "You can help me."

I unlocked the door and breathed in the smell of orange blossoms.  It had always been there, all throughout my childhood, but only now did I really notice it.  I walked in slowly, looking around.

The kitchen walls were still their bright, sunny yellow, but today, the colour seemed a little too harsh.  I sat at the table and cupped my face in my hands, close to crying again.  I wasn't raised in this house, but I'd spent a lot of time there.  My parents had divorced amicably when I was four and shared custody of me.  My dad had remarried when I was twelve, and I met my stepsister, who was nine at the time.  Having two adorable but annoying younger half-brothers from my mom's second marriage, I'd been delighted to have a sister.  We developed a strong bond.  But when my dad died suddenly, something changed.

"You two aren't really sisters," someone had said.  "You can't even pretend to be. And now, you have no connection."

We couldn't pretend to be related by blood, because we looked so different.  I was black, and my sister was lily-white.

I had dealt with racism.  So had my father, who would sometimes get dirty looks when he was alone with my sister in public.  But he never let it bother him.  Now I wondered why I'd let one snide comment bother me.

"Kate!" I called.  "Kate."

She poked her head in.  Except now she was a little girl again, with flyaway blond hair and freckles peppered across her nose.  "Yeah?"

I blinked, and just like that, she was a young woman again.  "I'm so sorry."

She sat down across from me took my dark hand between her pale ones.  "I'm sorry too. Can we still be sisters, even if your dad is gone?"

"Yes."  My eyes filled with tears.  "Of course."

She got up and hugged me, and I managed a smile.  I knew she must be angry at me, and I didn't expect instant forgiveness.  But it was enough to know she still loved me.