This is a short one, but I feel like the overall message is sound, if presented in a slightly darker manner. Enjoy and comment any suggestions!

---------------------------


The Gravity of the Grave


Death is the inevitable tragic end to every story in life. Some would say there is a balance in the world. This is not true. All things that begin must end, but not all things that end must begin again and because of this simple fact, death and entropy are proven as the driving forces in our universe. There is always an end, but a beginning is never guaranteed.

Some would say I'm biased, being a gravedigger in a small town. Surrounded by death constantly, it would be easy to explain away my morose demeanour. People don't see that I have a life outside of death. With a wife and a son, I've seen grand beginnings. Joyous occasions celebrating life and happiness. However, the elation derived from the wondrous union of a loving couple pales in comparison to the heartache that comes with digging a two foot long grave for a toddler that was lost in a car wreck outside of town. The mother was lost as well and it was a sad occasion when the only one who went to the funeral was the father.

She was a stay at home mom and he was absorbed in his work, so most of the town barely knew they existed unless they needed something from the father. He wasn't exactly known to be the cheeriest fellow anyway.

In a way, I guess he ostracized myself. Cut himself off from society, from friendship. Even from his family. Hetold himself that if he worked harder, he could provide them with what they deserved, not realizing it would be a wedge driven between him and his wife. This is why his wife took his child and was leaving him and why they were found outside the town. Fighting for everything, he ended up with nothing. 

All he can do now is just continue digging his holes. This time, granting a place for his loved ones to lay their heads as they sleep eternally.

No one should have to bury their son.


----------------------------

Special co-writer credit goes to Chantwood for solidifying some key points and proving two minds are better than one.