NOTE: This is a response to [this](https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/comments/4clzn2/wp_the_apocalypse_is_nigh_the_four_horsemen_have/) post on r/writingprompts. My full response was too large, so I'm posting it here. I also have ideas to tie it into [this](https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/comments/4chd9j/wp_you_are_given_a_pen_at_gun_point_and_told_to/d1ia53e?context=3) response to another prompt and make a longer, more complete story. Before I did that, I wanted feedback. I'm new to writing, so let me know what you think I could really work on! 

~~~~~~

The Rapture. The apocolypse. The end times. Extinction.

Whatever you choose to call, it had come. Without warning, fire poured from the skylike a spiggot. Buildings burned, tanks exploded. The Mississippi poured over the  levees as a tub overflows onto the floor. When people started dropping dead, that's when people started looting. Looting led to murder quick as spit, and before long, the entire city of New Orleans had turned into a war ground.

Martin Bellerose sat alone on a ratty brown couch clutching a half-empty fifth of Old Crow. He knew he couldn't have very much longer. He sighed, ran his fingers through his graying hair and looked around at his shabby shotgun house. He'd lived here on Clouet St. for 5 years now. He'd lost his house Uptown on Magazine when he'd lost his job teaching at De La Salle over his drinking habit. After that, he got a job delivering groceries for Metasses to afford his downgrade. And now the world was coming to an end. Martin sighed again.

As he brought the bottle to his lips, he eyed the things he had collected over the years he had lived. Paintings, prints from Escher, Monet and Dali. A couple Fender guitars. A tuba he had somehow acquired from a friend years ago, and just hadn't been able to get rid of. He took a gulp of his whiskey. The burn he felt in his chest slowly relocated to the pit of his stomach, and a breathed relief. Whiskey made him feel better; always had. Martin wasn't oblivious to the fact that it was a problem-well, had been a problem, seeing as the world was burning to death just outside. The destruction had, thus far, been contained to the Quarter
and parts of the 7th and 9th wards. Somehow, this part of town had been spared annihilation by whatever it was that was happening.

Martin took another shot from his bottle. Good ol' Old Crow, always there when needed. He set the bottle on the coffee table in front of him. He felt a tinge of sadness for his soon-to-be-doomed little house. As shabby as it was, it was home. He'd miss the living room the most. The ratty brown sofa on which he was currently occupying had always reminded him of the couch in his father's living room, up in Baton Rouge. Surely, though, it was gone by now. Leveled by the 
flow of death and destruction from all around. 

He reached down and grabbed his shoes from underneath the worn, wooden coffee table. Nothing special, just high top Chuck Taylors. Martin found that since he wasn't teaching anymore, he had no need for fancy shoes. Nor did he have the money to replace the ones he wore out riding his bicycle around town. Once again, he considered the magnitude of the reality that none of that mattered anymore. He picked up the bottle, took another swig, and then put it in his jacket pocket.
 What did matter, he had decided, was that Martin was going to die good and drunk and in a bar. His favorite bar. He opened the front door, walked down the steps and then headed for Saturn Bar on St. Claude for a couple of shots for the road to the afterlife.

~~~~~~

When Martin arrived at the bar, the first unsurprising thing he noticed was that the door was unlocked.He smiled. What was the apocalypse, really, if not a reason for people to drink? He walked inside, and the second unsurprising thing that he noticed was that there were people drinking. Of course, he thought. Nothing else to do right about now. Then, he began seeing things that did surprise him. First of which, there were only four people drinking. He found that odd. Surely people didn't want to die alone huddled up in there house? Surely someone lived alone and wanted drinking/dying buddies? The next surprising thing he saw was that the four men drinking at a table were the only people in the bar. Where was the bartender? Where was anybody?

It was then that Martin noticed that the four men, who until now had been drinking, laughing and yelling, seemingly without a care in the world, had grown silent and taken to staring at him. Martin now had the chance to look them over. All four of them were of impressive to behold. They were sitting at the bar  surrounded by countless empty glass bottles. The one closest to me wore a set of black robes that looked heavy and thick enough to be velvet. They reach his feet, which were bare. The skin that Martin could see was white, almost like flour, and his face was set in an expression of solemnity.

 The man next to him looked like a muscle-building cancer patient. His tattered clothes hung loosely on a body of tight nit muscle, but his skin radiated a feeling of sickness like a nuclear explosion. He had no hair to speak of anywhere, and 
his eyes were sunken into his skull in and blank. 

On his left sat a man who looked like he belonged in the Middle Ages. He was in a full suit of golden plate armor, with black leather on underneath. His helmet was next to him on bar. It was a golden galea, with a face mask in a permanent steel battle cry. His sword was leaning against chair. 

The last companion was dressed in a blue business suit that simply roared "expensive". His cufflinks were golden eagles with eyes of what appeared to be rubies. His shoes were black, definitely leather.

Martin felt somehow out of place in his simple, brown jacket, faded jeans and hightop shoes, so he did the only thing he felt made any sense. He grabbed the bottle from his pocket and held it up. This elicited a violent cheer from the four strange men, who offered him a chair at the bar. He set the bottle on the bar, sat next to the man in the suit and began reaching for some glasses when the suit grabbed the fifth and took a gulp. He passed it on to the guy in the armor, and so on, until they passed it back down the line to Martin

"So what's your stories," he asked the four of them. He couldn't help his curiosity. It wasn't everyday you met a group of characters such as these! It wasn't every day that the world was ending, either. "You four in town for a festival, or
something?"

The man in the armor laughed. It was deep and full of heart, like he was finally doing what he knew he always should have. "Why, we're the Horsemen! I'm War, That's Famine," he gestured towards the man in the tattered clothes. "That'll be
Death on the end there. Old bag'o'bones, that one!" He laughed and took a giant gulp of the bottle before passing it on 
to Famine. "And this here's Con-"

"I can introduce myself, thank you, War," the man in the suit interrupted. He turned to me and offerred his hand. "Conquest.
A pleasure, surely, Mr...."

Martin took his hand, laughing, and shook it. "Name's Martin. What kind of crazy get together were you all headed to, before the world went to shit, anyway," he asked them. The four of them looked at each other brightly and laughed.

"The Apocolypse, friend," Famine said, before taking a hearty sip of booze. "We're finally ending what She started" He handed the bottle to Death, who took a swig and handed it back to Martin.

"Wait, you mean you all are the...the four horsemen of the Apocolypse?" Martin laughed and reached for the bottle from Death. He brought the glass to his lips and swallowed. Handing the bottle off to Conquest, he said, "And...what, you're telling me God himself sent you to-"

Conquest stopped him. "Herself" Another swig. He passed it to War.

Martin grinned. "Riight, God herself....sent all of you to end the world?"

Death grabbed the bottle from Famine looked up at Martin. "You sound as if you lacked faith," he said. His voice sounded empty, and it sent chills down Martin's spine just to hear it. Death took a pull on the bottle and handed it back to him.

"Well, you gotta admit, I mean...it all sounds so farfetched..."  Swig. Pass.

War chuckled. "Why do you think the destruction hasn't reached here yet? Cause we've been in here drinking! Celebrating!" He grabbed the bottle from Conquest and chugged the last of it. When he was finished he threw it at the wall and let forth a laugh that could have shaken the building. 

Martin jumped behind the bar and grabbed another bottle. Unplugging it, he handed it to Famine, who nodded. "So if what you're claiming is true," He began, "Why are you in here getting drunk instead of out there, razing cities and...and claiming pure souls or whatever it is you do?"

The four of them gave a collective chuckle. Famine spoke up: "You don't seriously expect four holy weapons to single-handedly destroy the entire world, do you?" He chuckled.

"We have agents that do a lot of the work, around the clock" said Conquest. "We only attend personally to matters of particular disgrace and corruption, such as America and North Korea."

Death handed the bottle back to Martin who took a pull and thought for a moment. "Wait," he said. "Then why are you here? Why aren't you in some tyrannical african-country, killing dictators and sending slaves to heaven?" He handed the bottle Conquest. 

"Haven't you looked around you recently," put in Death. "This place is a cesspool of corruption and sin. A breeding grounds for evil and unholiness. That is why we are here!"

He laughed a little. "Well, you're not really wrong there." He looked at war. "So this is for real? The Rapture, God's war with the Devil, Angels...the whole nine yards?" Martin was beginning to feel the effects of all the friendly drinking.

Famine smiled. "Oh yeah. We've been on hold for Millennia. You can't imagine how good it feels to really be out again!" He had the bottle, so he drank and passed it on to Death.

"Sure, we do get to see action every once in a while," Conquest chimed in. "The Roman Empire? That was all me!"

"You're kidding," said Martin, jumping back across the bar and retaking his seat. He looked at War with a grin. "Let me guess...World War II?"

War smiled and shrugged. "Well, that was Death and My busiest couple of years, but my best work was your American Civil War. Family against family, a nation in turmoil, struggling amidst a devastating conflict with itself, so much drama, so much heart." 

Death passed Martin the bottle and he finished it. He nearly set it in the trashcan, until he remembered where he was, and who he waswith, and threw it against the wall instead. To his dismay, it didn't shatter as expected, although it did make a rather loud noise as it clanged to the floor. He jumped as it bounced against the floor. He turned around, grabbed another bottle and opened it. "So how does 
this all work?" he asked them. "All the 'good' people just, what, disappear? Do they die?"

Death recieved the bottle and took a drink. "My department deals with ascendance," he said. "One of my legions of agents comes to you and escorts you to the gates."

Martin looked at him strangely. "Your....department?"

Conquest nodded. "Think of us as heads of corporations. My corporation has to do with conquer and expansion of civilization. We initiate certain conflicts and influence who gains sovereign power, to name one responsibility." He handed the bottle to Famine, who raised it slightly.

"Just as I am in charge of the spread of disease and poverty. The Black Death, The Great Depression, The Dark Ages, these were 
all born out of my direct influence" He took a gulp and passed on to Death. 

"We all do important things, is what we're really tryin to say," said War.

Martin took a sip of the bottle, set it on the bar and wiped his mouth with the sleeve of his jacket, then said, "Yeah, well....Well what about me, huh?" Martin asked, nervously eyeing the Horsemen. He was eager for their response, but also fearful of what it may be. The Horsemen exchanged glances between one another. "Where do I stand in this whole Rapture business?" 

None of them said a word. They just looked at him, as if the expected him to say something else. "That's why you're here, really, huh?" Martin rubbed his slightly graying temples. "For me? That's why you're here. Here, here, I mean. In New Orleans, in Saturn Bar....you're here to rapture me!" Martin looked up at them again and stood up. He began pacing in circles. The Horsemen turned on their stools to face him. "But why come personally? Why not let one of your...what'd you call them? Agents? Why not send them?"

Conquest looked at his compatriots, and shrugged. "We are not entirely sure. You'll have to take that up with the Almighty".

War chipped in. "But we're all pretty certain it has something to do with the...ah...war."

Martin looked at the ceiling and laughed. "So what, do I just...follow you? Are you going to whisp me away on the winds of change?"

The four of them chuckled. Death rose to his feet. "Something like that," he rasped. He walked to the door of the bar and pointed his open palm at it. He whispered something in a language that Martin didn't recognize, and an explosion of light happened on the other side of the door. When Death opened it, all that Martin could see was a bright, pulsing blue and white light. "Through here, if you would be so kind," he said, gesturing towards the doorway.

Martin looked all around him. This was the last time he'd ever see the Saturn Bar, and he tried hard to memorize every detail before finally turning to face the Four Horsemen of the Apocalypse, who had all gathered around the portal.

"Are you ready?" asked Conquest, putting a hand on Martin's shoulder.

Martin turned his head to look at the Saturn Bar before saying: "Yes. Take me to her."

The five of them stepped into the portal together, all on their way to fight the most important holy war in the history of existence!