A Question

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;It always  starts the same. I sit. I breathe, slowly but full, deep breaths. I  close my eyes and feel my heart slow. Then the blackness closes in. This  isn't the initial shock of the removed stimulus of closing my eyes no,  but the slow, creeping void that sometimes I can catch while drifting  off to sleep. Sounds become muted, clothes stop their lingering touch.  Slowly but evenly, the void takes over in absolute.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Theres a sense of calmness here for me. I have no idea what I enjoy  about the complete lack of anything, but in a weird way its kind of  peaceful. As I take in the calmness of nothing, a looming presence  starts to make itself prominent. Almost like a separate being has walked  into the void with me, but its much larger and ominous than a human. I  remember this feeling, my subconscious is awakening, creaking into power  and shouting like a high storm as the torrent starts.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;All of the once mass-less void gradually starts to move, swirling  around me. The ground starts to take shape beneath my feet as a red  sand, nay, a compacted red powder, giving slightly as i take my first  step, squeezing the material between my toes. It feels solid, with just a  bit of give from the less compact top layer and I find myself bemused  by the little swirls that appear beneath my heel as it raises.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;As I look up, I notice the void swirl has collected several large, dark  chunks now and faintly i can see a few large boulders of a combined red  and black scattered around the edges of visibility. Around me has  formed a sort of "eye" bringing back the peaceful quiet, though I can  see just beyond my hole the storm still rages.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;I begin to walk towards to edge, maybe to touch it only to find that as  I get closer the encirclement follows with me. Never able to touch an  edge, I begin to wander and explore this strange place. The first object  I came across was a small table sized block, the same color as the  ground and seemingly attached to. As I approach I see something carved  into the top: Alternating smooth and rough tiles. I walk up to the  block, and run my fingers over the surface to try and understand how the  texture exists, but as my fingers almost came into contact the  corresponding pieces of a chess game erupt from the table in a seemingly  half finished game, with no clear winner. I try to move a piece but  they are seemingly fastened to the base. I contemplate for a moment as  to who may win, and come to no true conclusion. After a short time I  grow bored, and walk away.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Just  as it had formed ahead of me, the table seems to wisp away into the  void, once again becoming part of the black smoke the surrounds me. I  continue walking in no particular direction and I begin to notice the  void collecting close to an edge. Heading towards it, I notice the  ground beginning have glyph patterns of no real discernible language,  but definitely circular. As grow closer to the center a large, right  triangle of an onyx like material rises from the ground, casting a tall  shadow. I look upwards to try and find a source of light to cast the  shadows, but only see the few stars above that arent being blocked by  void. It was definitely a sun dial like device, but who in the world was  using it? I waited for it to make a full rotation around the circle,  worried and hopeful someone might show up to check the time. "No one  actually lives here..." I think to myself and walk backwards this time  to watch the kind of beautiful piece of sculpture be eaten by the  swirling torrent. 

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;I turn back  around, still perplexed by the large shadow device, and in my lack of  attention I stub my toe. It doesnt really hurt, but it startles me. I  had walked clean into a stump that looked freshly cut, with strong roots  and a vibrant ring pattern that had an almost blue sheen to the  darkened rings. I dont know what compels me to do so, but I sit down on  the stump, and concentrate, trying to make sense of it all. As I fall  deeper into concentration I notice the ring around me has gotten a  little wider, but as soon as I noticed, the wall snapped back to its  original distance, bursting a a low thum that seems to resonate between  the void upwards. I give it a full conscious effort, concentrating on  the wall to move backwards, creeping towards the edge of my stump/seat  and manage to push the wall several feet backwards, but more  mono-directionally. My hand slips as I try and push even further and I  stumble a bit off the stump, the break of concentration snapping the  wall back at me, this time with such a voluminous force and sounds it  sends me flying backwards rolling  backwards. I lose sight of the stump but luckily I have a large body  track to follow. I follow it as far as it takes me, to where to wall was  only to find my path had been cleaned and the stump no longer existed.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;I continue on, quickly giving up on my search for the stump. I  reminisce on the other times I've visited here, trying to remember what  other things I might find here, although its never the same twice. I  could spend several lifetimes here and never become bored, there's too  much to try and understand for that. But alas, real life does come  calling eventually.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;The exit is  violent. The entirety of it all: what is, what was, and what could have  been there comes crashing into me, directly into the center of my being  and crashing into the back of my head, spiking there for what seems like  both a minute and a millisecond. I feel my fingers twitch, almost  humming with energy. My toes wiggle, and I can feel the heat rising from  my crossed legs. My eyes open, but they're not necessarily seeing whats  in front of me. My mind still lingers, slowly forgetting replacing it  with a simple question:
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Was I meditating, or something else entirely.