The last wisp of smoke escaped his lips as he dropped the spent cigarette to the ground and squashed the butt under his boots. With his coat torn on one side and shirt soiled with  Mumbai mud, he really did not see any point in being careful. His cover was blown.
 
His eyes darted around, looking for the obvious. He knew time was of immense  value. The package in his hand felt heavy and slippery. His big hands were sweaty and he realised that he was shaking uncontrollably.  The journey had taken a toll on his health, and the weather was not helping much either.
 
It is funny, he thought, that after months of careful planning and preparation, one awry moment can change the course of history. He smiled as he remembered his teacher's words. You are the chosen one, he had said. Destiny's hand has picked you. It is going to be no mean feat, and your training will help you.
 
But the voices in his head seemed to grow more and more distant. The dizzying traffic and constant noise was making him uncomfortable. After having lived in a village all his life, this was new for him. Miriam would understand, he thought. An involuntary smile crept across his face as he imagined Miriam's big, soft eyes looking at him with the kind of affection he had longed for all his life.
 
All this will be over soon, he consoled himself. After all, I have come this far, nothing can stop me now. A bone chilling shiver ran down his spine as he realised that he had the power to alter human history forever. Let the non-believers repent and be consigned to hell. Serves them right, he thought. 
 
But now was the time, he realised, that all the plans would come to fruition. As his people waited with baited breath back home, he couldn't help but feel the weight of unexpressed expectations. All this was distracting him. Focus is the key, he reminded himself. Abba would have wanted me to focus on the task.
 
All around him, Mumbai was alive. Taxis, cars and autorickshaws honking their loud horns. People walking on the sidewalk, one hand holding an umbrella and the other holding a cell phone. Little  slum children yelping and shouting at passers by for money which would eventually satiate someone else's hunger. The sheer volume of emotions and exhaustion was slowly sweeping a blanket of confusion over his usually alert brain. His knees felt shaky and ready to buckle.
 
An adrenalin surge shot through his body, instantly jolting him back to awareness. With a sudden moment of inspiration, he jumped right into the middle of the square where most people were busy shopping for the festive season. His hand crept into his pocket, the image of Miriam flashed before his eyes for one last time. A small click later, a smile crept across his sanguine face.
 
His task was complete. He had just set Mumbai ablaze.