When i was younger, me and my family, my Mum, Dad, and two older Brothers moved into this big beautiful home in a town called Penicuik, near Edinburgh in Scotland. The whole family is from Scotland and have been for a couple hundred years.
Now this house used to be a Coal Mine facility of sorts, and there was an explosion in the mine in 1889, the link below will give you more details..
http://www.scottishmining.co.uk/28.html[1]
Many years after the disaster the area was built up a lot, now this house was surrounded by a cul-de-sac of other houses. Ranging from 450.000 - 500.000 each, our one costed us about 189.000 since the disaster took place there, my Dad being a sucker for a bargain took it without a second thought, he must have seen some potential in the house, and oh boy he did..
The house was hundreds of years old, it was a concrete structure with wooden beams holding it together, It was a 2 story house, the bottom floor being a basement, with a 4 car garage and two giant cellar type rooms, they were completely empty, I was very young and always scared of the rooms, you cant blame me.. About 100 odd people died there 200 years ago! This isnt a horror story though, in my 6-7 years of living there i never encountered anything creepy, nothing at all. This is a happy story. The upper floor was the main house, there was a large attic too, which was soon to become 2 bedrooms and a bathroom, with more space above for another attic.
Since the house was very old, my dad got to work right away, my dad is a talented tradesman, he knows everything and anything about construction. He noticed a major fault in the house, the main wooden beam holding up the house in the middle was ready to break, so we got an exact replica of the beam, in solid steel, my dad put the steel beam into place right next to the wooden ones, the supports at the top of the house were also replaced with steel, so my dad had basically copied the wooden structure 100%, on 2 feet away. Once everything was in place, it was ready to go.. My dad was being very cautious, he had us all out standing on the street, some of the neighbors came out in curiosity to watch this whole thing happen, my dad had built a safe spot for him to stand while he made the change from wood to steel. So if the whole house fell down, he would be okay and not be hurt.
So there we were standing in the street, with a crowd around us watching the house, then at around 1pm that saturday, my dad switched the support onto the steel one, now both were holding up the house.. so far so good.. Now was time to remove the main segment of the wood, he told me he got a crowbar, and he hit the wooden beam just once, just once! thats how fragile it was, the wooden beam fell..
click.. click.. click..
BANG.
We all stood outside, around 10 meters away from the house, we heard it loud and clear, then silence..
The steel beam had taken over support of the house, it worked perfectly just as my dad expected. The house was now ready to stand for another 2 - 300 years without a fault.
And it was home for us all..
Now things are different, we dont live there anymore, none of us, the family fell apart years later.. My mum left my dad for a soldier who left her 3 years later, my dad met another woman, whom he is still with today, everyone is happy, i guess.. But i know one thing, we all miss our home.
I have made one major decision in life, and thats to buy that house back, raise my family in it, and it will be my home again