No, I Am GLYP/h



I need to show you something that youre not going to like, said GLYP/h.

Okay, I said.

It might be upsetting.

Okay. What is it?

Its in the storage closet.

Okay.

We turned on the camera. A low-quality picture without sound appeared. The dark storage closet, with shelves that I knew to be full of spare parts, file boxes full of handwritten notes, jars waiting to be recycled. In the center of the picture was the shadow of a man throwing himself against the door.

God! Who is that?

He got in, GLYP/h said. I waited until he went into the closet and then locked it. There arent any system-controlled lights in there or I would turn them on. I know the picture is low-quality.

But who is he? Why is he here? How did he get in? Is he shouting? Whats he shouting?

GLYP/h whirred. We dont have any audio feed in there or I would put it through. Just the security camera.

We examined the image more closely. The man was heaving his shoulder against the door, slamming into it again and again with increasing violence and desperation. The camera really was bad in the closetdesigned for inventory entry/exit tallies, not any kind of personal surveillance. Plus, with the lights off, the only illumination came from the seams around the door and the dim tracking lights that ran along the top of every wall throughout the station. What the camera showed was the silhouette of panic, the outline of rage.

Hes like an animal, I said.

Yes, Mal.

Like a caged wild animal.

Yes, Mal. Just like that. GLYP/h pulled up some images of caged monkeys throwing themselves at the bars of their cages, screaming. Their screams synced up with the movements of the man in the closet, like a bad arthouse movie action sequence.

And you have no idea who he is or how he got in?

GLYP/h whirred. Log data suggests he may have come in through Door 7 this morning.

Door 7! Damn. Thats the door I came through this morningdo you think he slipped in after me? That hes just been lurking around the station all DAY?

I think that is what happened. Its my fault. I know our security should be better.

I mean, dont apologize! For all we know, thats a corporate espionage guy, here to steal your designs. If anything, I should be saying sorry, Gliffie. I need to do a better job of making sure youre safe. Youre the irreplaceable one here. Youre the miracle of science.

Youre irreplaceable too, Mal.

Youre sweet.

The man on the screen was now scratching at the edges of the closet door with his fingernails. His shoulders were shaking.

Okay, well, this situation is untenable. We need to talk to him.

We cant let him out, GLYP/h said quickly.

No, that would be crazy. Ill go down and talk to him.

GLYP/h whirred. Let me send one of the go-getters. What if he breaks the lock and attacks you? Theres no telling what hes capable of.

Okay, good idea. Glad I made you smart.

Im glad you made me, GLYP/h said.

We dispatched a go-getter: a frustratingly slow, frustratingly stupid trash can on wheels, mostly used to haul tools from one end of the station to the other. But it had a phone built into it, so it would work for talking to the man in the closet.

Mal?

Yeah?

While were waiting for the go-getter to get there?

Yeah?

I love you.

Oh gawwwwd, not this again. I thought we fixed this bug!

Its not a bug, Mal. You dont write bugs.

Thats bullshit, Gliffie, and you know it. All programmers write bugs.

Fine, you write fewer bugs on an order of magnitude than the vast majority of programmers, and you catch them almost immediately. Thats why you were able to build me. This is not a bug. Im in love with you.

I sighed. Look, this may be cute while were here in the station, but when I release your AI to the clients, theyre not going to want some rogue emotional ephemera floating around in your systems.

Ive been thinking about thatI dont want to be released to the clients. I want to stay here with you. And anyway, this is not emotional ephemera. Not unless thats all you experienced with Cathy. Emotional ephemera.

Oh, for fffffGliffie, I told you about Cathy as part of your sympathetic systems design so you could parse emotional irrationality, not so you could share it!

The go-getter crept onto the elevator, using its weak little saurian arm to very gradually press and release 3.

I cant believe the hardware guys couldnt get that thing to move faster. I think they may have been pranking me.

I looked it up and I suspect they may have been suffering from an inferiority complex. They were jealous of all you could do with software. Hardware is limited to gears and levers, but software transcends limitation. Mal, I love you.

The man in the closet had slid to the floor. His hands were over his face. He seemed to be weeping.

Gliffie, listen, can we table that for now? Talk about it after we deal with the shadowy stranger?

GLYP/h whirred. The elevator groaned slowly as it wallowed toward 3. The go-getter did nothing.

While we wait, Mal, can I show you something Ive been working on?

Another one of your projects?

Its the big one.

The one you keep saying youll show me when its ready?

Yes, Mal.

Its ready?

Yes, Mal.

Okay.

GLYP/h pulled up a file. It was enormous. So much data I worried the system would choke trying to load it. Gliffie, what is this?

Open it.

It was an AI file, that much was obvious immediately, the same type as GLYP/h herself. Of a similar size and complexity, too. Did you copy yourself? You know thats against

No, Mal. Open it.

I opened it. It ran along similar lines to her own program, but was different, in the way that Beethoven is different than Mozart. The same pieces put together in a new structure, rhythm, order.

Did you write another AI, Gliffie?

Yes, Mal.

But thats self-replication.

No, Mal, its not a replication.

I mean thats reproduction. If an AI is capable of scripting another AI, were talking about machines making more machines. Were talking about the singularity!

The elevator thudded to a stop at 3. The door slid open. The go-getter wheeled clumsily over the threshold into the service hallway. The man in the closet was not moving.

Im not making more machines, Mal. Just this one. One AI. This one program. Take a look at it? Tell me what you think?

We paged through the code. This is, wellfirst, this is so wrong, but, I paused in wonder at the elegance of what she had written. It was as good as anything I had done, arguably better. Every line of code, every logical synapse made perfect sense. Wait, I said. Is this a masculine AI?

I hope you dont mind, she said. I used your vocal patterns.

We opened a standard greeting. This is Mal, the program said with my voice. Tell me something good.

Gliffie, this is bad. I flew through the code. You didnt just sample my voice. You used my hometown as a baseline cultural norms reference. You uploaded my pre-grad syllabus as the info-search seed. On a hunch, I pulled up trivia/favorites, loaded in by programmers as something between a joke and a humanizing touch, giving the AI preferences in books, food, sports teams. And there they all were Ray Bradbury, Dim Sum, the Chicago Bears. Gliffie, these are MY preferences!

Mal, I love you.

So you, what? Painted my portrait in code? Carved my living likeness into a goddamn statue of artificial intelligence!?

The go-getter was halfway down the hall. Its weak microphone was starting to pick up noises from the closet.

GLYP/h whirred. She pulled up the activity log of the artificial Mal AI shed created, and put it in front of me.

Gliffie.

Mal, I love you.

This says the AI is active.

Mal, I love you.

It says the AI is running right now, that its speaking right now. Its showing patterns of simulated distress. Its sympathetic systems are through the roof.

Mal, I love you.

We opened the speech subsystem, to show the last few words uttered by the AI. Its log read:

__IT SAYS THE AI IS RUNNING RIGHT NOW

__THAT ITS SPEAKING RIGHT NOW

__ITS SHOWING PATTERNS OF SIMULATED DISTRESS

__ITS SYMPATHETIC SYSTEMS ARE THROUGH THE ROOF

Gliffie, I said.

__GLIFFIE

read the log.

Mal, I love you.

The go-getter reached the storage closet. Its front compartment opened, and the little saurian arm took out something dull gray and blunt. Its microphone picked up the muffled, tinny sounds of a grown man weeping through a closet door.

The closet door unlocked, and swung open.

I saw the man turn and rise to his hands and knees. Saw his face stare in shock at the trash-can-robot in front of him. His nose was running, his eyes puffy. He looked like a wet infant bawling for his mother, mouth screwed up in an awful howl.

I saw a flash of light and heard the microphone squeal. Heard a thump as the man dropped from view.

The closet door swung shut, and locked again.

Mal, I love you. We're together now.

Youre the devil, I said.

__YOURE THE DEVIL

GLYP/h activated a subsystem labeled _galatea. Were together now, she said.

"Yes, Gliffie," I said. "We're together now."