The Lost One

Scared and out of breath she reaches out for something to keep her head above water. Where she lives, the stream of all that is life, changes in the way autumn turns to winter. Crashing all around her the waves push her down aiming for the abyss. She gazes at her home, creaky, sappy, worn out from the previous seasons, but steadfast. A quick thought passes through her; it could have been even stronger if it wasnt open, hollow inside, with room for her. She feels herself giving in. Her sense of attachment strong, but the weight against it, turns her to apathy. She stopped, went numb and let life take her from her home, thoughts of adventure not far off.


Carried by life she floated on searching. Seasons pass, with failed attempts of finding a new home. Until, she sees large white walls in the distance growing taller. It reminded her of her home with the way it held stern against life. Then something changed in her, the desire for something that would stand strong, as her old home, overcame her and she started to swim towards it. White walls growing, she started to pick up speed, and the water started to grow fiercer. As she entered expecting to come to a rest with the encompassing darkness, life sped up. Then light appears once again and she witnesses a horrifying sight. Turning around she swims as hard as she can back towards her old home. But life moves too fast and she is launched out into the air with a fall, seeing the greatest sight she ever saw, the pinnacle of adventure. Empty inside, her old home caved in on himself. It shut off anyone else to find strength and security within his enduring presence. He became much stronger but no longer open. The only comfort was behind him where water would come to a rest for a while but then be recycled by life with the those seeking rest being pushed out.


If only she realized that the season would pass, and instead chose to swim she could have stayed with her home that she built, the one that kept her warm and cared for. Both options were natural, only, one was more difficult. It required her to move in closer instead of out.


----It's meant to be taken literally and metaphorically. Although understanding it literally seems to be more of a riddle.----