Hello, Guys. yesterday I wrote this little story  at 3:45AM in my phone phone (insomnia ain't good for your health), So I decided to give it a second look, change some things and post it.


I'm not a native English speaker , please don't be too hard on my mistakes.

Enjoy:

I feel so cold, the blizzard lashes my forehead with all its might and the wind roars as the indomitable beast it is. This scourged earth is but the legacy we've created with our sins, a land harvested with the blood and horrors of men. I can barely remember life as it once was. But still I remember all the colorful nights, the city was an endless river of spectral lights going everywhere; I remember the colors of which life was made of. Day and night I could feel it, the city was alive and breathing... All these memories coming back to me. Is this how hell is supposed to be like. An endless loop of good memories to remind you where are you now? We deserved this. After all this punishment was created by us, by our innate wish for self-annihilation, it's a sin we'll carry on until the day mankind disappears from the face of the earth;I'm afraid that day isn't too far away.

It burns, drop by drop the snowflakes feel like fathoms from hell. I feel my life slipping out of me little by little. I see the horizon and the sun coming out of the mountains; I'm speechless. How much time has past since the last time I saw a sunlight going through the dark sky? It is so beautiful. I won't complain, I've lived a long life and, at least, the last thing I'll get to see is the sun, after so many years of eternal darkness.

It's getting harder and harder to breathe and I fade away every now and then. My jacket is so wet, yet so warm. It makes me wish to just close my eyes and fall asleep, but I can't do it just yet. I need know this was all worth,I need to see her before I'm gone. It's the only thing that keeps me breathing and swallowing my own blood.

I heard some gunshots just a moment ago. God, how much time has past? The blizzard has passed, but the sun is gone too. I'm not sure if it's just the night, or the endless storm clouds that turns the sky into the eternal night. I hear the gunshots again. I really want to get up and take a look through the window, but my body is so heavy, I'm sweating and horrendously exhaust by just breathing. I wonder, who will fall apart first? Me or this decrepit building?

The wind is blowing -I'm afraid- it feels alive; is like a beast crawling it's way to its prey. The building shudders and gives a last howl before giving up against the wind. The clash of the debris is so defying -It brings bad memories to me- , and the smoke is so thick I can barely breath.

After few seconds, my sight clears. I can see the city one last time. All I see is dead, a living shadow of what it used to be. The city is engulfed by the darksknow, the buildings are obliterated and the wind howls in the penumbra, it claims the city its own.

The gunshots again! This time I can see them, far a away in the distance. I see her running away. My vision is getting blurry, but at last I see her fading away like the feather she's always been. I can finally rest... What a way to die, drowned in my own blood.

I won't lie, I'm enjoying it. I feel the Zephyr for the last time and I let it take my away. I taste my blood one last time and can't help but to think how awful does it tastes. "Why am I smiling?" because after all, I finally know how does it feel to be free and in peace with myself. Lord forgive me! After so much spilled blood,I would't change this peacefully moment for anything else.