Alex had leaves in his hair.  

Fuck sakes, he said.  He hated having things in his hair.  He shook his head and reached up to pull out the ones that were extra stuck.

crunch, crunch.  Dead leaves.  Alex sifted through his hair and let the leaves fall to the ground.  When he was satisfied with the amount--or lack of amount--of leaves in his hair, Alex looked around.

He was in a bright, quiet forest.  He didn't know why.  He didn't how he got here, either.  He hadn't just woken up here like people did in those shitty thriller movies--at least, he didn't remember waking up here.  He just kind of...was here.  

Alex thought about the last thing he could remember.  There was an argument.  It was happening in some place familiar...his apartment.  They--he and his wife--were arguing about something.  He couldn't remember what, exactly.  He didn't really care.  Arguing with Leah was so commonplace that it practically summed up their entire relationship.

Something rustled in the dry leaves.  Alex turned toward the direction of the sound.

"Hello," he called, "anyone there?" no answer.  Just more rustling.  Alex moved toward the source of the sound.  If the forest had been dark and full of disconcerting noises Alex might have been more cautious.  But the area was well-lit, and this was the first sound he'd heard since...the last five minutes?  Alex had no idea how long hed been here.  

The rustling was coming from behind a tree directly in front of Alex.  

"Hello," he called again, "I'm coming around the tree, now.  If you're human I don't want no funny business.  If you're an animal..." Alex decided there was no point in finishing the sentence if that was the case.  He bent down and picked a small branch out of the leaves.  It was dead; dry and brittle like the leaves.  One hit would probably snap it in half.  It would have to be a well-placed hit.

He crept around the base of the tree, holding the branch high.  A young woman was lying in the leaves with her back resting against the tree.  She was thin as paper and hollow-cheeked.  Her skin was pale and clammy.  Her lip was bleeding and she had a big black welt around her right eye.  Her left arm hung limp and awkward at her side.  She was dressed in a tiny skirt and tube top that hung loosely around her sickly frame.  She made a small noise and recoiled a little bit at the sight of Alex.

"laska," she muttered.  Her voice was thick.  Alex thought she might be speaking Russian. "laska, ne bilshe".  

"Jesus," said Alex.  He put the stick down and knelt beside the woman.  In the process of coiling away from him her loose top had fallen a little and her right breast was exposed.  He reached out slowly, keeping his palms open and doing his best to smile gently.  "Your shirt," he said, pointing. "Are you going to fix it?"

The woman tilted her head away from him and her eyes and mouth drooped. "Dobre," she muttered half-heartedly, "robyty svoyu spravu.  Meni vseodno".  She made no effort to pull up her top.  

"Ok," said Alex, "do you mind if I do it?".  She didn't move or respond.  Alex cautiously reached out and lifted the woman's shirt to cover the nipple and better part of her breast.  When he touched her she clamped her eyes and jaw shut, but didn't try to move away.

"What's your name?" asked Alex.  She didn't say anything; just lay there with her eyes closed and breathed steadily.  "Do you know where we are?" he tried, not expecting a reply.  When none came, he stood up and looked around.  

There were no hills around; no buildings or animals to be seen either.  Just trees.  Lots and lots of trees.  And dead leaves: hundreds of them.  They were several layers thick on the forest floor.  When Alex looked up all he could see was quiet, blue sky.  And more leaves.  These ones were green; hanging lazily from their respective branches.   

Alex looked back at the woman: "How did you get here?" he wondered quietly, "And who slapped you up?"  The woman opened her eyes and glared at Alex.

"Shcho tse?" she asked, "Ya ne dosyt dobre dlya vas?" she spat at him and rested her head against the tree, closing her eyes. "Boyahuz." she said quietly.

"Sorry, lady," said Alex, lifting his hands slightly, "I don't understand you.  I wasn't the one that did this to you either so I don't know why you're being so bitchy with me." 

A thought startled Alex then: what if he had done this to her?  Did he get blackout drunk and pick up some dirt cheap hooker?  That wasn't like him.  Sure, he'd been considering hookers lately: Leah hadn't so much as blown a kiss at him in months.  But he'd been dealing with it by jacking off and watching copius amounts of porn.  He'd thought about about finding another woman but everything he heard about affairs made them sound like more trouble than they were worth.  Divorce had crossed his mind many times too, but mentioning it to Leah would doubtless just spark another argument so he left it alone.  Prostitutes had really started to look like the best option for getting his dick wet, but he was still indecisive about it.  Had the last argument with Leah pushed him over the edge?

Alex thought about that most recent memory.  Arguing.  In his apartment--their apartment.  She always corrected him on that.  The fight had fizzled out and Leah went out with friends or something.  That's probably what they were fighting about.  Alex tried hard to remember.  He had made some dinner, watched a porn flick...everything was blank from there.  Alex had no idea what happened after that.  If he had gotten drunk, he couldn't even recall the first swig of alcohol.     

The woman stirred again. "De my?" she muttered.  

"I hope that was rhetorical," said Alex, smirking.  The woman looked at him and furrowed her brow.  She shifted a little and winced, grabbing at her limp left arm. "It looks dislocated," said Alex, "I could try putting it back, if you like." he had no experience with dislocated joints of any kind, but he didn't think it could be that hard: like putting button snaps together.

Before he could make an attempt, the woman squeezed her eyes shut and yanked her arm in an upwards motion.  There was resounding pop and she shrieked.

"Fuck!" exclaimed Alex.  Without thinking, he rushed to her side and pressed her head against his chest while she screamed and sobbed in agony.

--

Alex awoke to the sight of the woman's head rising and falling gently on his chest.  They must have dozed off.  Her left shoulder was quite bruised, but it looked normal again.  Alex glanced around; the forest was just as bright and quiet as before.  They must not have slept for long.  Even so, his left leg was asleep right below where the woman had curled her hip over top of his.  

Alex tried to move without waking her.  His back was up against the tree and he scraped the exposed part of his neck as he tried to wriggle his way out from underneath the woman.  

"Ow!" he said and cursed quietly.  The woman stirred, sighing deeply and lifting her head to look at his face.  Her expression was much different than before.  It was calm and peaceful; almost contented.

"Tse son?" she asked softly, "YA spodivayusya, shcho tse ne son".  She finished.  She smiled and kissed Alex gently on the cheek.

Alex had no idea what she said, but for some reason her words made him feel as content as she looked.  He relaxed and lay there with her a while longer.

--

Eventually the woman rolled over, sound asleep.  Alex stood up and looked around once again, as though expecting things to be different this time.  They weren't.  Only flat, bright forest as far as the eye could see in every direction, which wasn't very far, really.  Still, the quiet of the forest led Alex to think there wasn't anything other than trees for a long while.  

He studied the ground around the woman, wondering if there might be any clues as to how shetheygot here.  The leaves weren't disturbed at all except for where she lay.  If she was dragged there would definitely be a trail in this stuff.  

Alex looked up, wondering if she maybe fell out of the tree for some reason.  Her lack of shoes made this plausible, but there were no broken branches, and the closest branch to grab looked too high for her to reach.  

The thought of gathering food crossed Alex's mind.  He wasn't hungry, but he would be eventually, and so would the woman.  Judging by the lack of meat on her bones she probably already was.

Alex started to set out through the trees when the woman made a sound behind him.  He turned to look at her.  She was propped up on her good elbow and looking worriedly at him.  

"Vy zalyshyvshy mene?" she asked.  Her voice was tight.  Somehow, despite her pale, sickly skin and skeletal frame, Alex thought she was quite pretty.  

"I'm just going to find us some food," he said, smiling, "to eat." Alex made a motion like taking a bite of an apple.  He chomped his jaws together a couple times with his cheeks puffed out.  He thought he might look ridiculous.

The woman relaxed and giggled, and Alex chuckled a little.  He walked back over to the woman and knelt down in front of her.  He gently lifted her chin and looked into her eyes.  Somehow there was something very familiar and beautiful behind her gaze.  He felt like he was looking at someone he had known for a very long time; like he and this woman had always known each other and always would know each other.

"Who are you?" he asked softly.  After a pause he said, "I'll be back soon." and kissed her on her forehead.  He did it without thinking, as though he had done it a thousand times before.  

He stood up and walked back into the forest.

--

Alex jolted awake.  It was dark.  His face was faintly illuminated by the dull, white glow of a tv screen.  He was sitting on the couch in his--their--apartment.  Credits of the porno flick were rolling through the tv.  They were accompanied by a raunchy, cheap cover of "dirty deeds done dirt cheap".  

Alex yawned and looked at his phone: almost midnight.  Leah wouldn't be home for at least another hour.  When she went out, she went out.  

'Quite the dream,' thought Alex.  He sat slouched on the couch in a half-awake stupor for a couple moments before reaching for the remote.  He pressed a button and began browsing.  It was the weekend, and realistically speaking Leah probably wouldn't be back until three.  Alex had plenty of time to kill.   

A title appeared on the list of channels: Star Whores: Return of the Clit Alex chuckled.

"Could be good," he muttered, and clicked the remote.