	As a child, they told me it might pass. The therapy, the drugs, they were all supposed to work. My parents seemed at a loss: the sudden yells I would exhale, the twitching, the stubbornness I would present when ordered to leave the house. I am eighteen now and still, have spoken no words since the accident that took place ten years ago. The occasional Mom or Dad seem to escape my mind only to mutate into words but these come alone, leaving the remainder of the sentence lonely in my mind.

	The bright lights of a Ford F-150 illuminate my pale skin. At a speed of 80 km/h, its presence is almost overwhelming. It nears my right side and suddenly, im standing in the street, resembling a deer caught in the headlights of a car. But unlike a deer, I dont twitch, I dont stumble back onto the sidewalk. I simply stand there, ignoring the danger at hand. Would it hit me this time? I thought to myself. Is this real? The realization hit me as the truck did. Hurling me into its windshield, before swerving into the opposite lane and causing a head on collision; I lay in the middle, motionless as the driver hurries out of the car. I quickly snap back into reality as the accident vanishes from my mind, leaving me stunned and yelling as the car streams past me. The driver pokes his head out his window as my yell echoes in the nearby streets. Retard! He howled. My mother gives him a look of disgust before extending her hand and grabbing mine. Damn it Charlie stop yelling. She tells me.  A sense of deja-vu seems to steal my mind. Again? 

	I look up to the street lights. What would happen if they turn off? I think to myself. Would I forget where I need go?  These questions often appeared floating through my mind. They came as quickly as they left, leaving me confused and stunned. What had I been thinking about? It must not have been important if Ive already forgotten. This was my usual answer. 

	My parents often look me in the eyes only to notice Im not looking back as they would say. My gaze resembles that of a deceased animal hung on a wall as a sign of victory, yet I feel no victory as I observe everything. I see when they look at me in disgust, I see when they fight over who has to care for me, I see the bruises on my arms when theyre tired of it all. I hear what they say, I hope you just die. they tell me. Well in truth, I hope I die too. But with the unresponsiveness of my body, nothing seems possible anymore.

	They often ask where my mind is and in truth, I have no idea. Its there one minute, the next its not. If I could find it for just a moment, then maybe I could tell them what I really think of their decision.

	But, this all began with a simple conversation between my parents and a doctor:

	Mister and Misses Jones?

	Thats us. We received a call saying our son was hit by a car. Is he alright? Answered mister Jones in a panic.

	Im sorry to inform you sir, his condition seems to be going for the worst. Hes on life support at the moment and it seems even that may not be enough.

	You try damn it and then you try harder! Thats my son in there! I wont let him die here you hear me? Hes only eight! This isnt how his life was supposed to go! He slurred between tears.

	Im sorry sir, but were faced with a very serious decision-

	Bloody hell finish your sentence! What do you want to do with my son? 

	Sir, if he were to live, he wouldnt be completely..there.

	I dont give a damn what he would be, hes our son and we want him to live every day he bloody well can. Well love him no matter how different he is!

	As I remember the conversation my parents had told me so many times, I look down to my feeble body, bruised and gashed. Love they said. Maybe If they were in my position they would understand. They would understand that the word love means nothing when its expressed with belts and bruises.  If my mind would just find me, they would understand it all.

	