The government had cut off their funding for affordable living. They were going to starve if they didnt get something to eat. And so, without any money, the two of them went to one of the high priced restaurants. They sat down and ordered their meals. Banquets for the both of them. They ordered a top shelf champagne at two hundred and fifty dollars a bottle. Several bottles of champagne and discussed worldly events. They talked about this and that, all topics of the world in a concise and educated manner. And then the evening came to an end.
The waiter brought out the bill. They responded in fashion, Im sorry, we dont have any money.

The waiter, shocked, Well, youll have to get some.

Will you give me some money?

No, I work a job for my money.

Well, will you give me a job?

No.

Well then its settled.

No, its not. Somebody has to pay, and you have run your bill way past the thousand dollar mark. So, youre going to have to pay.

But I dont have any money. Then pointing to his friend, And neither does he. His friend nodded in agreement. Both of us have no money. How can we pay if we dont have any money? You see, my friend, youre not thinking about this logically.

This is ridiculous. Why dont you have any money?

You, yourself, pointed that out earlier. Because we dont have jobs.

And why dont you have jobs? I bet its because youre both lazy.

Thats not it. Rather, it has been a set of unfortunate circumstances.

I dont believe that. You are both healthy looking individuals. I think youre just lazy.

We may very well be and what a set of unfortunate circumstances that is, to be lazy in this world of hard working individuals. The waiter looked at them both, both of them smiling. They were both half drunk off of all the champagne and their stomachs full from all the food.
Being lazy is your problem, you can fix it.

I wonder, would you say that to a child born with a rare genetic disorder that it is his fault and that he can fix it. I mean, what sort of monster are you?

But that isnt the childs fault. Where as both of you being lazy, is your fault.

But you forget determinism.

Determinism!?! 

Yes, do you want the short version or the long version?

The short version I guess The waiter reproachfully gesticulated.

Okay then. Approximately four and a half billion years ago the Earth formed by accretion from the solar nebula. The man continued to describe the history of the Earth. The evolution of life forms on the planet, the age where plant-life developed, the single celled organisms evolving until they evolved into intelligent life. Then the development of the human species. The entire written history of human civilization. Acting out all significant developments with hand gestures and significant movements. He explained his own life and all significant details. Giving a precise medical history, which detailed his own diagnosis of mental illness. Which was genetically affected by his own family history in connection with the larger picture of human civilization. He then summarized, Which brings us to this point in time. You see, I dont have a choice over what I do. I am limited by genetic factors such as my intelligence and also that of the intelligence of others around me. I am constricted to the process of human development and the chemical restraints placed upon my mind. Just as you are constricted to your own position in society of pre-determined characteristics of the evolution of the human species. It is not my fault that I dont have any money, nor a job, I have just been subjected to the circumstances that I face, just as you are forced into the circumstances that you face. We maintain the illusion of free choice to make sure that we do not go insane. For the illusion of free choice, if anything, is a great motivating factor in which we can take pride over our accomplishments. In reality, though, we cant really be proud about anything that we do, we are simply living out the experience of life and the role we have to play in it. I am who I am and you are who you are. His friend nodded in agreement.

The speech had gone on for a total of six hours and it was now three in the morning. The waiter looked at him, tired. The rest of the restaurant staff had gathered around him and listened, drinking their after work beers, captivated by the amount of shit that was running out of his mouth. The waiter submitted, Just get the fuck out of here, would you.

Then the bill is settled.

Just get the fuck out.



www.theunpublishables.net