In 2017, 3 scientists from the Universtiy of California, Berkeley successfully proved the existence of the paranormal. Ghosts, demons, and souls, etc were all proven to be inhabitants of the 5th out of 11 dimensions of String Theory (4th dimension being time), and the world exploded. Religions had to find a way to cope with the new findings, the media started going crazy, and all of a sudden, psychics were finding new business from new people.

The fields of Parapsychology and Paranormal was no longer very "para," and the field was renamed Vibrology. The term was coined by Professor Ambrose Hui due to the extremely high vibrations the 5th Entites exert in the 4 dimensions. By 2021, research on Vibrology has numbered in the thousands, and a torrent of new "innovative technologies" claiming to be able to contact this 5th dimension arrived on the market. Most of these new "multi-D tech" were just scams, but one new startup tech company "VibeTech Inc." invented something that was going to change the world.

It turns out that VibeTech Inc had already been conducting research on Vibrology (or Parapsychology back in the day) since before the ground breaking, or should I say dimensional shattering, report came out. They started out as a "ghost hunting" firm back in late 2000s, but since 2017, they decided to go commercial since there were less "unbelievers".

VibeTech had actually been conducting focused research on the field of Near-Death-Experiences, or NDEs. With some of the new experimental multi-D rift-tear technologies pioneered by Cal Berkeley scientists, they were able to successfully prove the existence of life after death, specifically Reincarnation and the Akashic Records in 2022. In the next five years, VibeTech (VBT) gained boatloads of new investors, and with that new money, poured hundreds of millions of dollars into R&D to try to gain access into the Akashic Records of all living beings from the beginning of time.

(I will post more tomorrow! Thanks for reading! This is all just background for now. Also, the Akashic Records is basically a very big record of all earthly souls and their experiences since the beginning of time. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Akashic_records )