Gallus North hurried sluggishly through the stone corridor, his long legs carrying him more quickly than the average man. The news of the kings worsening condition came to him in the dead of night. The hallway seemed longer and colder than usual even though the massive castle hadnt changed in the past five hundred years. Outside the door to the kings room, Gallus heard the sobbing going on inside, he rubbed the crust from his eyes with a wrinkled hand in an attempt to make himself look a little more presentable. 
As he opened the creaking wooden door, the crying turned to wailing, it was a cry full of pain as if the owner had lost a limb or in this case losing a beloved husband. The large room was filled with a number of Gallus colleagues and other people of importance to the king and realm. All eyes were on His Majesty, Sir Leon Walther, captain of the royal guard who even now was clad head to toe in his golden armor that was shining against the flames in the large hearth. Thane Kyros Wolfblood who looked even more tired than Gallus or was he just still drunk as he often was during most of the day Gallus wondered. 
To his far right standing in the corner almost completely shrouded in darkness was the court grand wizard Vitas though most of the court and kingdom called him Old Greybeard. It was little wonder why, the warlock had a great beard the color of old mountain stone springing forth from his ever-wrinkled face that must have gone down to his knees, though they were always hidden behind his robes and cloak. Vitas was also the eldest member of the kings court and the only person Gallus had ever feared. Queen Aurelia Vail was a sorry sight tonight, looking well past her 30 years of life he thought to himself, something Gallus had only ever seen once before when she delivered her first child and come to find the infant had died before hed taken his first breath. The queen must have been crying for quite awhile for when she had turned her head when Gallus walked in her green eyes were swollen from the tears and her face as red as dragons fruit. In the large bed in the center of the room with great oak posts carved in the likeness of phoenixes lay Gallus lord and king Heron Vail.
	Gallus! Aurelia cried in a hushed voice. Eyes shifted from the bed to Gallus as the queen rose from her chair and rushed over to him, letting her lavender hued nightgown flow behind her as she hurried. She embraced Gallus and he could feel the warm tears already piercing through his emerald colored tunic as he hugged her back. 
I rushed here as soon as the servant awoke me my queen. Gallus whispering as they broke away from each others arms. 
Youve served my husband faithfully for so many years dear Gallus and even now you remember your courtesies. Aurelia said looking up at him, smiling through her tears, with her crying ceased she had started to regain her beauty. 
Gallus took her hand in his, Always, your majesty. he said kissing her hand lightly. He moved passed the queen and walked to the side of the bed. Gallus could feel his eyes start to water as he drank in the sight before him. King Heron to who he had been both councilor and friend for the past twenty years since he had taken the throne and became high king of the Grand Citadel. King Heron lord and ruler to the surrounding Large Lands, the great Palm Lands to the south, the frigid Snow Forests to the north, the vast River Lands to the west, and finally the mountainous Sky Lands of the east and as well as the Minor Lands scattered throughout the region. But two decades ago had passed since then. The man lying in the great-feathered bed was someone Gallus barely recognized, Herons sickness had taken almost everything from him. The man whose strength became legendary in the beginning of the 10th era through all the Large Lands when he struck down the western armies and now could not even lift his own spoon to his lips. He had not sat on his great golden and jewel-encrusted throne now for the better half of the past year and had left the ruling to Aurelia and the kings council. Gallus put a hand on the dying mans shoulder, being nearly 30 years his senior Gallus never imagined he would see the 10th era end. 
Heron slowly opened his sunken eyes and looked up at Gallus, You came, Heron said, coughing. I was afraid my time would come before you had a chance to awaken. 
	If Dahvios had taken you before I arrived I would have cursed you for not being patient enough, Gallus said with a smile filled with sadness.
	Had the god of death came for me I would have fought him like I did lord Thraven Urline for the Grand Citadel so many years ago, Heron said with a laugh that turned into a coughing fit. This time the coughing produced blood. 
Sir Walther rushed to the side of the bed, Please your majesty allow me to summon the healers; let them help you!
	No Walther, it would do no good. I would be gone before they had assembled their first elixir. Dahvios is patient, but it is not without end.
	Then you, wizard! With all your power, save your king for gods sake! Sir Walther yelled, turning to Vitas with wide eyes and flaring nostrils.
	I may have been to save his majesty, if he had heeded my advice months ago when the symptoms began, but now his body is too far succumbed to the call of death. It may be that I could keep his majesty alive awhile longer, but it would not be a permanent solution maybe only another months worth of life. 
Even now the old warlock does not mince his words Gallus thought.
	Youre nothing but a magi! A fraud! Walther bellowed, his face growing red with anger. Having heard more than his fill Kyros Wolfblood peeled himself off of the wall he had been leaning against and grabbed the captain by his arm. 
I think Old Greybeard has heard quite enough Walther, said Kyros his eyes as cold and black as the glass ones on his stuffed wolfs head cloak.
Well I dont think the old bastard has! he retorted. Walthers voice was growing to a yell now. His majesty put a sickly hand on the knights soft glowing armor. 
	Enough Walther. the king said meekly through a cough, I will not have my final moments on this earth be filled with useless squabbles. You and Vitas have both been invaluable to the Grand Citadel, the Large Lands, and to me. I would very much- 
	Father? Heron was interrupted by a voice the spring birds envied. All the heads in the room turned to the doorway and came upon the small princess standing half hidden behind the great wooden door.
	My sweet one, his majestys face changed from frustration to dismay in nearly an instant. Princess Ava Vail was already becoming sight to behold even though she was only in her twelfth year of life. She was gifted with her mothers bright golden sunlight colored hair draped over her shoulders and came to rest in the middle of her back, and her fathers icy blue eyes, her delicate features were complimented by her soft crme toned skin. Some of the townsfolk spread rumors that the queen was not the princess mother at all and that king Heron had seduced the goddess Avaria for whom the child was named. Others said the princess was the reincarnation of Avaria herself. The rumors had always amused Gallus. He had been in the very room the night little Ava had taken her first breathe of life and heard her first cries through the stone corridors and grand hall. How many times had he offered his council to king Heron Gallus wondered matters from on if he had fathered the princess too harshly to the very safety of the Large Lands themselves. Gallus had never fathered any of his own children, but he gave his advice all the same and often advised the king as he would a member of his own house. 
	Come to me sweet one, Heron said beckoning to his daughter.
	I heard mothers crying, is everything ok? the princess asked her father as she came to his bedside, her eyes were filled with innocent fear.
	He took her tiny hand in his hand comforting her, Oh my sweet one, your mother is fine, see? Heron said eyes motioning to his queen. There is nothing to fear.
	Your father is right my dear, Aurelia said walking over and kneeling down in front of the child, her face still a little reddened from the earlier sobbing, everything is going to be alright.
	I dont want you to die father. Avas eyes were wide and beginning to fill with tears, her gaze intense even for her young age.
The room was so still for a second Gallus thought that time itself had stopped, all but the warm flames were motionless as they casted shadows that waltzed around the room.
The queens eyes began to water again as she brought her daughter into her embrace and held her for a long time. A log burst from the heat and a flurry of bright hot embers rose into the air and quickly went out. Aurelia wiped the tears from her eyes before they fell and finally spoke, We know this has been coming for a while now, but no matter how much we think we prepare ourselves it never seems to be enough. Life is such a precious gift my dear, but it is not one that we are allowed to keep forever. The young princess began to cry. Tears and mucus ran down her face as the crying became more intense.
Ava tried to speak through her tears, W-w-why does he have t-to- her mother pulled her into her bosom cutting her off.
My little sweet one, Heron said. Ava looked up from her mothers embrace to meet her fathers weak smile. There is nothing to fear. I may be gone, but I will never leave you. Heron removed a gold ring, with the kings symbol of a phoenix entwined in a ribbon, from his little finger and handed it to her. Keep this safe and no harm may ever befall you. Now please my darling. His eyes moved to the queens. Please take her back to her chambers; I hate that she is seeing me like this and do not wish to fill her dreams or memories with such sights. Ava tried to wriggle free from her mothers arms, but the queen held on ever tighter.
No father, please! she pleaded as the queen started to walk her towards the door, I want to be here with you. 
Its time for you to go now sweet one, he dismissed her through a sad smile, And please everyone if you would be so kind as to leave. I wish to speak with Gallus alone.  Vitas and Kyros both bowed and Walther saluted his king before exiting, leaving Gallus alone with his dying friend. Once the door had been closed behind them the number of shadows for the fire to play with  decreased significantly yet the flames danced on. There was a long silence between the two men as Heron slowly adjusted himself in his bed. Gallus offered to help him but he waved him away not wanting last of his dignity to be thrown to the dogs. 
Once he had settled he spoke. I would ask that from here on till my passing you will speak with me without your courtesies. Id rather not have you mincing words just to soothe a dying mans spirit in his final hours. I want to hear your thoughts and not honeyed words, understand? 
I understand your majesty, Gallus said with a quick incline of his head. He almost had his kingly voice back for an instant, Gallus thought to himself.
Very good. Heron said with a sigh. It wasnt hard to see that now even breathing was becoming a chore for him. With my death comes the end of the 10th era, Gallus, and with only Ava as my heir there will be a vacancy on the throne. The Lords of the Large Lands will not accept my sweet one as my successor and will surely take up their banners for the throne as is their right. He stopped for just a moment and took a breath.
I am afraid, Gallus, he continued. In all of my forty two years never had I known the sensation of fear. Not when I had hunted my first bear, broke my first stallion, or even in the battle of Mist River where I lost my father. Anger and sadness yes, but never fear. No, it is not until my final hours that I feel it. I do not fear death Gallus. I am afraid for Ava. The king looked upon him with eyes of empty helplessness. With my death her safety is in the hands of the unforgiving gods. The war for the throne will be gruesome and I just pray that whoever wins the throne will just keep her dignity intact or in the very least spare her life, she is only a helpless child. The tears were starting to form in his eyes now making them glisten against the flames of the fire. 
Lord Timon Rahvin of the Palm Lands and Lord Markos Morwin of the Sky Lands both have eligible sons your majesty, and it is known throughout all of the Large Lands and the Minor Lands what beauty the princess holds, Gallus responded trying to comfort his old friend. I can not imagine either of the lords giving up such a prize and chance to solidify their rule.
You may be indeed correct on that account, but it is Lord Raimund Dragonhearth of the Snow Forests and Lord Alaric Urline of the River Lands that I fear. The former of which may take her as a concubine once her monthly red flower has bloomed and the latter of which may kill her just to see blood be spilled or worse marry my sweet one just to see me writhe in my tomb, Heron said ignoring the attempt at comfort. He paused to cough before continuing, Alaric may have sworn his fealty to me once I took the golden throne, but it is no secret he has no love for me since his father fell to my sword at the beginning of the 10th era. The spiteful bastard wouldnt be above forcing her to bear the children of the man that spits on the grave of her beloved father, I assure you. That is the reason I am so afraid Gallus, once I am in my grave Avas life becomes an uncertainty and it pains me to my very core to think about.
Gallus had no words to respond with. Heron was right, the future of his daughter and queen and all the peoples of the Large and Minor Lands lives depend on who takes the golden throne during the 11th era. So had it been for the last five hundred years at the beginning of the 1st era and so it shall continue for a thousand years well after Gallus bones were nothing but dust. There was nothing to be done about it. The bedchamber felt colder now even with the fire ever dancing strong. 
The king broke the silence after a moment of letting the words sink in, Gallus please take out a quill and some ink I have some final words I wish to tell my darling wife. 
Of course your majesty, he said gathering a quill, ink, and piece of parchment from the nearby desk, What shall I write?
I can not allow anything to happen to my sweet one Gallus and even though these are my final hours and my final words I am still the king and sovereign ruler of these Lands and my word is law. I do not want the news of my death to be heard by any living soul. This will delay the war and hopefully it shall do so until Aurelia can find a suitor for Ava once she is able to be wed.
Gallus was a little taken aback by the plan, Your majesty, the princess is only twelve, her  flowering may not be for several more years. Do you think the people will believe that you have been living so long when they know of your current condition? What if one of the Lords demands an audience with you to prove you are still among the living?
Gallus could see the life beginning to fade in the kings eyes, it is the only way Gallus. Please, I beg you, Ava must be kept safe. Once youve finished writing let me see the parchment. It took Gallus but a moment to put the words of king Herons bold plan to fool his entire kingdom to try and keep the princess from harm to paper. He blew on the parchment to try and speed up the ink drying and once he was satisfied  Gallus took it before the king.
Excellent work as always my friend, Heron said with a weak smile, seal the letter and deliver it to Aurelia, Kyros, Vitas, and Walther. The five of you shall be the only ones to know of this plan after my passing.
Gallus let a healthy amount of the hot phoenix crimson colored sealing wax drip onto the parchment and pressed the kings seal down hard, it is done your majesty.
Goodgood, his life was fading quickly now Gallus could tell. I can go to Dahvios knowing I have done everything I could for my sweet one. The king closed his eyes and breathed deeply his breathe was heavy and strained. He opened his eyes and looked up at Gallus, One last thing I must ask of you my friend.
Anything, your majesty.
Watch over Ava. Do not allow any harm to come to her and give her your council as you have done for me, he said with a tear falling down his pale cheek.
Of course your majesty, I will treat her as my own, as I always have, Gallus said putting a hand on the kings shoulder. He was already becoming cold to the touch.
It is time then my old friend. I leave you to deliver the letter and buy as much time as you can. And with that the king of the Large Lands breathed his last and went to meet Dahvios and his ancestors that had come before him.
Gallus stayed with him for a long time. The room was quiet, aside from the occasional loud crack from the fire behind him that would make him jump. The letter in his hands was much heavier than it had been when he had written it. Finally Gallus got up and kissed his old friend gently on his forehead.
I am truly sorry old friend, he told him, I wish I had the strength to carry out your final wish, but the Large Lands must determine their king the way it has always been and the way it will always be. The words I hold now are no longer those of a king, but rather that of a dead man from an era that has now passed. We must have this war, so like the great beast sigil of your house the Large Lands may be born again through fire. Gruesome, yes, but necessary all the same. He turned towards the hearth and with only the wooden eyes of the bed frame watching him he tossed the parchment into the fire and watched it quickly burn away to ash. I will keep my promise and watch over her as best as I am able, but her fate as well as the fate of the Large Lands is in the hands of the gods. 
The morning light was breaking over the horizon as Gallus left the royal bedchamber. He had never felt older making the walk back to his quarters. And as he lay down on his feathered mattress Gallus heard the sound of the morning bells tolling, ringing loud and somber waking the townsfolk and those in the castle. Waking the people of the Citadel to the beginning of the day and even though they do not know it yet, the beginning of the new era as well. 
