If sex is art, could I be considered the custodian of a museum? Prostitution is said to be the oldest job in history, so why is it considered a crime in most countries? If we pay a man to fix our sink, why would paying a woman to suck us off be different? The fact is, some people need company of the opposite gender, but are too awkward, too weird, or too ugly to get it the old fashioned way, so they resort to paying for it. I dont see shame in it. If you crave a certain food but dont know how to prepare it, do you feel ashamed for going to a restaurant that serves it? I sure dont. Well, I havent paid for pussy in years, so I wouldnt be ashamed, but even if I did, I STILL wouldnt feel any shame. You could say Im fairly liberal when it comes to whores.

Of course I am, Im a pimp.

Well, thats the dirtiest way to put it. I consider myself an entrepreneur of sorts. I see the market value in a good woman, I provide her with work, and reap the profits. Im not like the pimps you see on TV or on the street, god forbid. Rank amateurs, the lot of them. No respect for their work or the women in their employment. I may call my whores, whores, but you call a waiter a waiter and dont give it a second thought, do you? I however, respect the women I employ, consider them human.

See, thats the problem with most people in this line of business, they forget the fact that these women are people first and foremost, and that desperation drove them into this. They are earning you money, you are not doing a damn thing, why would you treat them like dirt? Me, I make sure all my women are taken care of, I make sure they are rested plenty, have plenty to eat and that they have basic human liberties. I take care of them the way I would take care of a girlfriend, if I had the need for one.

I would never hit one of them, nor would I hurt them in any way. If they cross me, I merely terminate their position and send them on their way. No hard feelings, business is business.

I didnt start out like that, though. I used to be a street level pimp. Took me five years to get where I am now. I achieved cultural enlightenment through moral corruption. Me and her, we created all of this. A stroke of bad luck followed by some good luck and a lot of will built this house. Over time the house grew into a skyscraper and now, now, I basically own my own little city. My own little private Sodom, leased to me by the people in power, the people with full pockets and empty souls. Upon the mountain of their sins I built my throne and rule with a fair and just hand.

Sorry, got a bit dramatic there.

It all started with her, my muse, my love, my filthy whore. Alice. Ah, the times we shared. She was the first to work for me. What attracted me to her wasnt the lovely shape of her behind in an evening dress, nor her perky small breasts or her milky skin or the lovely emerald color of her eyes. It wasnt her flowing raven hair, nor the freckles she tried to hide with make-up but still failed spectacularly. She was a sight for sore eyes, sure, an ethereal beauty lost in an ugly world.

What attracted me to her was nothing physical however. It was the hint of mischief behind her eyes, and the cunning way she smiled. She knew she was beautiful, and she knew she was better. She was better than me, and just used me for my cock. Yes, its strange to say that I felt used by a hooker, but its true. It didnt matter, I was hopelessly in love with her. Together, we hatched a plan.

It failed, we got caught.

Stroke of bad luck.

The people who caught us stealing the proverbial cookies from their rather large cookie jar, however, seemed to have a sense of humor. They appreciated our bravado, our panache and our flair. Also, the humongous size of our proverbial balls.

They offered me a job.

Be a spider. The Snake had said. Be my spider. Weave me a web the way you tried to weave a trap for me. It had said, its forked tongue licking its lips, appreciating the meal to come, knowing what awaited it in a few years.

Stroke of good luck.

I said yes. What else could I do? Literally and figuratively, they had me by the balls. With a wrench, a literal one.

With a yelp and a hurrah, we started our little business. She recruited from her list of friends. Smart women, capable women, most like her, but none JUST like her. She truly was one of a kind. We started out in a small house, and used word of mouth to spread the word of the day. The word of every day was legs. We built our clientele slowly but surely, until in a year, we could afford to move to a better location.

My Queen and I weaved a web. Politicians, cops, public officials, lawyers, businessmen. All of them fell into the web and got surprised when they saw the price.

A few words here, full conversations there, people talk way too much. Men especially, and especially to impress a beautiful woman. All we needed to do was take the information we had and just send it along. After a while, we WERE the information. Its quite fascinating how much a man will pay to hide the fact that he likes to be pegged in the ass for the press. We indulge in our sins with gusto, but the second we have to admit it, we hide like rodents from thunder.

With each new kink our kingdom grew, and soon we moved to an entirely new location, our castle. We made so much money we didnt know what to do with it, so we enjoyed ourselves a bit too much. We snorted, smoked, injected, kissed, danced, drank, and fucked ourselves into a stupor on a regular basis.

It was the time of our fucking lives.

The Snake slithered around, just for show, lest we forget who was in charge.

We didnt care, we made our lives our own. Years passed and our kingdom of lies and deceit and sex grew into an empire. The entire city could be beneath our feet if we just said one word, but we liked it as is. Dont fly too close to the sun, lest you get burned. I was going to ask her to marry me. I had everything ready. The champagne, the ring, the cocaine.

I remember leaving the elevator with a smile on my face and unlocking the door to my private little Eden, and being greeted by deafening silence and a coppery smell. I laid roses on the way to the bedroom, but they werent red

Dont fly too close to the sun. The snake slithered in my memory.

I loved her. My queen.

Her eyes, glassy, her face twisted into a grimace of pain and her midnight-blue gown dark with stains. Her creamy skin paler than snow, her hands clasping at her opened throat.

My whore.

I felt my body burning with rage, my jaw clenching and my lungs filled to the brim.

My dead beauty.

There was going to be hell to pay.