 
So you go out one night with your friends and you have a few drinks and you laugh. A few hours in you see someone, maybe someone you know from before or someone you feel like you should know.   
  


So you walk over, you say hello and you even get a hug. You start talking and realize that holy shit, this person is actually really cool and you have so much in common. You talk and laugh and he might even make you dance. Twirl you around and even though you hate dancing you cannot help but enjoy it. The world around you stops for a while. It's like you were meant to be right here, with this person right now.   


  
It's not until he asks that you realize that yes, you do want to and no, you do not mind if he kisses you. And then he does. And it is beautiful.   


  
After some more talking and laughing and kissing you finally think to ask if he'll be yours for the night. It doesn't matter that you are drunk, that he lost his jacket or that he kissed you in front of all of his friends and all of your colleagues because just for tonight you are completely in love with each other.   


  
On the way back to his you talk even more. You look at him and find yourself a bit awestruck because how could anyone speak so passionately about regular, nothing special, ordinary things? Even though that him stopping every few minutes because he is saying something and he is so fired up about it that he needs to stand still and talk about it with his entire body is stressing you out, it is taking time away from you, you cannot help but think that this is your favourite thing about him.   
  


It is the most precious thing you have ever seen and you wish that someone would feel the same way about you as he feels about whatever he is talking about.  He's suddenly very close and he falls silent. When he kisses you, he does it like he can't help himself, like he has to. You understand that right here, right now, he does feel that passionate about you.   
  


For the first time ever you actually feel safe in going home to someone else. He kisses you in the elevator, doesn't stop when it does and the doors almost close you in again. It doesn't dawn on him until you are outside his door that the lost jacket holds the keys to his apartment.   
  


After debating on whether to break down the door or not you take the elevator down and start walking to your house instead. You don't mind at all, since both the elevator ride and the walk plays out exactly the same as the previous ones.   
  


Then you are finally home and then finally in your bed. This time the kissing doesn't stop. Before you know it you are both naked, you on top of him and him inside you. You normally hate being on top but not with him.   
  


The sex is good. Not in the way that even when it's not great it's still pretty good but in the way that it is actually really good. And he actually makes you come.   
  


Afterwards he holds you and you talk for hours. He tells you that he doesn't want to go to sleep, that the longer he stays awake talking to you, the longer it takes before he needs to wake up in the morning and leave. You don't tell him that this is the closest you've ever felt to actually being in love with someone.   
  


In the morning you share a taxi, you were to busy loosing yourselves in each other again to actually leave the house on time. The taxi driver understands that something has happened between you and thoroughly enjoys teasing you about it.   
  


When he gets out of the car the driver rolls the window down and yells to him.   
  
Aren't you going to kiss her goodbye?  
  


He turns around and leans in through the car window. What you think is going to be a short, awkward peck is an actual kiss. He kisses you the same way he did the night before, like he finds you beautiful and you believe him.   
  


This is when you realize that you have fallen in love with him and not just for a night. It breaks your heart when you at the same time realize that this was never meant to be more than a one time thing.