It was cold here. And not just that, the wind seemed never ending. Malcolm was told that it would be warm again by May, but he didnt know how long that would be. He squirmed his frigid hand back into his pocket and checked the time on his cell phone. 9:17. The bus was late. 
	
Malcolm had been taught that people around here particularly prided themselves on punctuality, that it was considered to be a sign of professionalism. Perhaps this bus driver isnt a very good professional, he thought. Or maybe something happened to the bus itself. These kinds of vehicles were often recorded to underperform in colder weather. That, and they required an unimaginable amount of fuel to operate, fuel that couldnt be reused or replenished. They do some silly things around here. Everything seemed to be thrown away after use. Malcolm had heard that it was all buried in the ground, but that couldn't be true. Yet there is more to this place, reflected Malcolm. 
	
It wasnt all bad. Many of the buildings were wider and taller than any he had ever seen, shimmering with light as the sun rose and set. There were food vendors and various shops on every street corner. And it was safe here. Malcolm noticed a few squabbles between people on the streets, but nothing that erupted into physical violence, nothing like at home. Again, he looked down and checked the time on his phone. If the bus didnt come soon he would be late for his first day at work. The line manager was stern about his workers arriving on time, or so he had told Malcolm on the phone the other day. It would seem very unfair if he were to get their late due to factors outside of his control, and then be punished as if it were his doing. 
	
However, Malcolm needed not fear for the bus finally crested the hill and made its way down the street. The door folded open and Malcolm stepped aboard. He greeted the bus driver, a dark-haired woman who appeared to be in her fifties, but the woman didn't seem to notice. She was looking down at the ticket machine. Immediately, the door swung closed behind Malcolm and the bus kicked back into motion, forcing him sideways into a metal pole. Perhaps this bus driver takes punctuality more seriously than I thought, observed Malcolm. The driver was now looking down the road as the bus propelled onward, but her one hand was still on the machine. She finally turned her face to Malcolm, but only to beckon him toward it. After regaining his balance, Malcolm pulled the card he had been given out of his pocket and placed it over the machine. An electronic bell rang from inside and some information flashed by on a small digital screen. 

He looked up one last time at the driver and thanked her, then pivoted toward the aisle. Malcolm had never seen so many people jam-packed together in such a small area. In the front, their were two people sitting in special seats with wheels, and between them, a woman with several little ones playing over top her. Then, there were sections of rows that all faced forward leading to the back. Malcolm was lucky enough to spot one seat toward his right and carefully made his way down the aisle, grabbing the poles that lined the bus like that vine-swinging man he had seen on the television the other night. He sat down, propping his lunchbox on his lap, listening to the sounds of the bus. 
	
The man directly behind Malcolm was especially loud. He was on his cell phone, repeatedly calling a number and repeatedly failing to get an answer. On what seemed to be his fourth try, the man got through.Hello? Yes, I was in Dr. Goldsteins office earlier today. Now, did he want me to make a followup appointment? I wasnt sure and his secretary was gone. I think she must have been in the ladys room. The connection mustve broken again, for the man began spouting a series of hellos until he tried redialing. Strangely, this happened several more times. The man called Dr. Goldsteins office, explained the ladys room situation, then would repeatedly get cut off. After several of these attempts and going through subsequent stages of increased irritation, the man finally gained headway in the conversation. Yes, thats rightWell yes then, I would like to make an appointmentNo, that wont do. Like I always tell you guys, its got to be on a ThursdayThats rightMy cell number?Ah, hold on, itswell its on my phone and I dont usually look at it. Try 4-1-23-6-48-9No, wait thats not rightand I cant look at it while Im talking. Can I just hang up? Then I can go in and look it upok. Ill call you back. 
	
At that, the conversation finally ended and unfortunately, the man was unable to be reunited with Dr. Goldsteins office before Malcolms stop arrived. What a peculiar exchange that was, he thought. Is human communication normally so crude? His friends in the Vega System would be waiting to hear about this. 


----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

This is my first time writing a narrative outside of any specific school assignments, so thoughts and constructive criticism are welcome.