About 175 years ago the people started a revolution against the "president," a power hungry dictator who only thought of the people as fodder for growing stronger and richer. The people ended up losing, and were all imprisoned behind smiling masks that kept them "happy through chemical stimulation. It was all just too perfect. We few that escaped began a small community of militia ready to start a new uprising. 

I always hated the halls of the sanitary department. The extreme cleanliness, the constant moans of the sick and dying, the pungent smell of antiseptic lingering in the hard plastic walls illuminated by glaring led lights. 

I'd worked down there my entire life, equipping the footsoldiers for infiltration missions, but i never imagined i would go through as one of the soldiers. I could see the innocense in the eyes of the teenagers giving me my pills, putting on my surface clothes, thightening my backpack and the likes. They were ignorant to the world above. ignorant to the subtle atrocities of the government keeping the citizens in a constant artificial euphoria to prevent another uprising. 

Oh how i envied them. 

The first post was decontamination. We went one by one into these shower-like booths  where we were sprayed down in antiseptics and other such things (now I know what that smell was) They probably explained why, but I was way too excited and terrified to listen, and besides it wasnt before our mission briefing that we actually needed to listen.

Second post was equipment. We put on our clothes, which as closely as possible matched the people on the surface, and donned a nifty backpack and watch that we had to take really good care of for some reason.

Third and final post was the pills. We had to swallow multiple kinds, each with a small description: This one is for resistance against chemicals This one is for boosting your immune system, so you wont get any surface sicknesses and so on, which all went straight over my head.

Sir? Sir. Youre done for now. If you would kindly wait by the others just around the corner there. Said the young boy stuffing me with the last of my pills gingerly.

Thank you I said, nerves building as I walked around the corner and into the conference room for my briefing.
 
The room was small and oval, with a blackboard placed at one end and lots of chairs nearly stacked on top of each other on the other end. I could tell it was going to get cramped. As I was about to sit down a few of my childhood friends came walking in, seemingly excited for their first mission.

what are you guys so excited about? Its just reconnaissance, not like youre gonna be able to actually kill any bad guys! I said jokingly, to calm my nerves a bit.

 We know! But weve never seen the surface! And it sounds kinda cool I guess... One of them said, trying to hide his excitement out of embarrassment. Thats Thomas. Hes a tall blonde quite muscular guy who had always been the risk taker and clown in my group of friends, and trust me, thats not a good combination. 

The other one was Patricia, Toms big sister who never missed a chance to mock him. She was medium height and a bit chubby, with long brown hair and an attitude that could put even the most manly of men in their place. It was weird to see them both in surface clothing instead of the plain grey hoodies and slacks we have down here.

 cool? Its horrible! She said, in a horrified tone of voice People are being kept hostage in a false sense of freedom! How is that cool?!

Um... i...

Didnt think so. So anyways, you ready Chris?  she asked me chipperly.

As I was about to answer a tall very muscular figure appeared in the door and told us all to Shut the hell up!

Welcome to your first briefing rookies! he said in a booming, yet careless  Now, as you are mere beginners you will only be doing Reconnaissance work, plotting off locations with large amounts people for our agents to free and bring to us down here. You have been provided with a backpack each, containing advanced GPS technology. What we need you to do is walk into the middle of a big crowd of people, and exactly 1 minute 30 seconds after youve gotten up to the surface, push the button on tthe bottom of the backpack to mark your location. Understood? 

Something seemed... off. For such an important mission, they made us feel so disposable. The others didnt seem to notice so I tried to ignore it.
The moment was finally here. My heart was racing of a mix of excitement, nervousness and sheer curiosity of the surface. Without thinking we had all started to follow the commander or whatever he was to an elevator. It said in big red letters: Do not enter He told us this was the elevator to the surface, and to start our timers as the elevator doors opened at the top. 

It felt like an eternity inside the elevator. We were all to nervous to say anything so we just stood there in the dank metal box scrunched together in the complete silence. The only sound to be heard was a faint ticking from the elevator, like a hyperactive clock.

As the elevator door opened we were hit by a glaring light, much much brighter than anything down in the underground. Everything was so shiny, there were moving metal contraptions with people in them, huge glass buildings reflecting the the floating fireball way up in the sky everything was perfect! A little too perfect? One thing was odd. I couldnt see any masks!  Maybe they were just made in different emotions to hold up the elaborate rouse? 

I snapped out of the thought and turned to the other soldiers. They were still starstruck by the surface. We should start our timers. I said. I was afraid. The people werent wearing masks! Why the hell werent they wearing masks like we have been told?!

I wanted out. I wanted to get it over with and go back to the underground. The other soldiers were had already started their timers about 10 seconds ago. I started mine and began walking towards the crowds. 

1:30. As I walked over to one of the crowds. It felt like everyone looked at me, almost through me. 

1:09. I locked eyes with Tom, he looked perplexed. 

0:47. Why werent they wearing masks?! My mind was swirling with thoughts like these. 

0:32 I found a big crowd. I would go in, push he button at 0 and go home.

0:15. Im afraid. I dont know why. Its just reconnaissance. I can do this. 

0:06. I heard an explosion. I felt a shock wave pushing me to the ground. Another explosion. Toms  body fell lifeless by my side, mangled. I knew I  was screaming but all I could hear was the ringing in my ears. I wasnt certain I fared better.
 I could see his watch. 



0:00
Detonate