   I used to work at a processing plant that was the southeast prime seller of particle board. It was my job to grind the long, gnarled wood until it was a fine grain, then place it in an enormous mixer with water until it became a massive hot steaming bin of pulp. It was a simple job, but something about the smell made me feel at home, a sort of steamy woodenness that petrified the air, making it thick. The factory had to close down when it came out, that after years of functioning, the longest standing employees all developed lung cancer. I guess that thats the way things work though, sunrise and sunset. My good friend Daryl worked there for twenty years and smoked day in and day out and hes still going fine. I dont claim to know the humor of this world, but the long punchlines are really hard to laugh at. Daryl ended up opening up a hardware store on fifth and Maine and he called it Daryls Supplies and it did pretty well for a while, but then the town didnt seem to need supplies anymore and the rent was already pretty high. He closed down and moved to a town out west that had a paper mill that apparently was always hiring. I never did understand working in a paper mill, that acrid smell of chemicals and dyes. Just being within five miles of one of those places would make my eyes water. 
     When the mill shut down Mr. Tommy came down in his suit and tie to tell us the bad news. I wasnt expecting anything when I left, but they cut us all checks for three hundred dollars to help lighten the stress of having to find a job again. For me, it wasnt a big deal, I was still young at the time and had only worked there for a few years, but I could tell by looking into the eyes of the older guys that three hundred dollars wasnt going to carry them very far. I heard through some friends that after the plant shut down a few of them committed suicide, and others drank themselves to death, and some of them just died a few years later in their beds. Im sure some of them were happy when they went, but when youve been the same thing for so long, its hard to redraw the lines. 
     My rent at the time was only two hundred and I was feeling pretty good about the check. I cashed it immediately and decided it was best to hang onto the two hundred for rent but to just go out and spend the remaining hundred on some drinks and a few nice things for myself. My father always had told me that a man who lets money rule will be a slave his entire life, and I guess that that was a pretty common feeling around this part of town. Poor folks have a way of being happy, and theyve been doing it forever. No one ever wants to redraw the lines. I got myself a nice bottle of scotch from the liquor store and even bought myself a used washing machine for my clothes. This made me pretty happy because the laundry mat was always filled with Indians and they always smoked the same long, thin cigarettes that mostly ladies smoked and the smell made me feel pretty ill and they didnt never say anything nice to anyone. I like to think that were all pretty much the same. I worked with a few Negros at the plant and they pulled their weight just as good as anyone else. One of them even invited me to their church, he said there was going to be a morning service and then a pot luck. I never was one much for god, but if he ever did speak it was in that little church house that was just right out of town. But, the Indians scared me and made feel ill so I always thought it just better to avoid them. They say that it takes seconds to wrong someone but generations to be forgiven. I guess thats the reason they all looked so mad, and I dont blame them. I put the washing machine in my kitchen and never went back to the laundry mat again. 
     I ended up in the new tire shop that had popped up. The building had to be the nicest in town, the floors were always shiny and it even had a neon sign that ran twenty-four hours a day. It was called Avalon Tire on a count of that that was what our town was called and it did pretty good. Mostly it was my job to change the oil in all of the cars that came in and I knew how when I started which made me feel good, like I was a professional. The guys that work there are nice for the most part. Everyone talks most of the time and a lot of them are pretty funny. Theres one guy, Larry, who I didnt like too much but I had heard that his wife left him about the time I started working there so I didnt hold it against him. Usually when I left I would be covered in grease and dirt, but I didnt mind much, I felt like a tradesman and often I would go to the bar with the guys and wed all look just as dirty as the other. 
     It was around this time that FDR got polio and for a few weeks we would drink to his health. Then one of the guys wife got pregnant and we drank to her and the babys health. Then nothing big happened so we just drank to everyones health. The guys would joke that, at this rate, we were all going to live forever. It was a good time for a long time, and I was happy as I had ever been I suppose. 
     The guys around the shop used to call me the virgin on a count of the fact that the only girl I had ever been with was named Meredith and she had big breasts, blue eyes, and a thin waist, just like the pin up picture of the girl on the wall in the shop. I told them that I had been with a girl like that and they all laughed and laughed. They used to call me Charles the Virgin on a count of that that was my first name, and then just The Virgin or sometimes just Virg. I used to get pretty mad about it, but then the name just kind of stuck and the words didnt mean the same thing anymore. Its like how we call Jim Slijim, on a count of he was really skinny. When I called him Slimjim I didnt mean anything by it, and Im sure that they didnt either. 
     It turns out that Meredith ended up hanging out in the neighborhood that even the poor folks avoided, smoking with the guys who were trying to make it as artists. I never understood art and everything those people were about. Sometime if the guys and I would go to Jacks downtown, we would see some of them sitting on the benches scribbling away in tiny notebooks, always trying to get in all of the details. I think life is better when the details dont matter, when all you have to worry about is the whole thing instead of its parts. I heard that Meredith got into shooting up and she wound up calling herself something different so she didnt sound so southern. I guess being southern is a bad thing in some places.
     The guys were sure that I wasnt telling the truth about Meredith, but I didnt care. I think sometimes its better to have a good story that no one believes. My father made up all kinds of stories about going to Asia and all of the mysterious Chinamen. He told me that when he was over there all of the men would stay out late at night drinking wine made from rice, waiting for some mystic woman to come out of the ocean to take them all away. I always wondered if the woman ever came or if they were doing it for something else, sometimes I think its good to have dreams that dont come true.                   Sometimes I think about what my life would be like if I had gone to school like my mother had wanted me too. I guess I could have been an educated man, and I could have gone off to some tall,angry city where the roads were all dirty and there was nowhere to be alone. I think it could have been nice to be around so many other people with different stories to tell. Here, everyone had the same story. I never did go to school though. When my father died there wasnt anyone left for my mother and she seemed at peace with that; but I couldnt leave her to be all alone in this town. My father used to say that the love you share with your family is the only love worth preserving. I guess she just got comfortable here and didnt much feel like trying to start all over again with another man. So I stayed. 
     I try not to regret things that I didnt do too much though, I figure people have a way of picking themselves to death with guilt or grief, but my mother didnt do it when my father died, and nothing that happened or didnt happen in my life was worse than that, so I try not to be bothered too much. I think its best to be happy where you are and not think too hard about what happened or what was going to happen. I am comfortable in this place, in this time and with the man that I was trying to be. Meredith, Daryl, the smoking Indians, all of the old men that got cancer; theyre all just the last calls of a far away echo, and I will be too one day. Until then Ill be in the greasy tire shop with the guys, talking about girls and drinks and the last of the good old days until suddenly we wont anymore, and if I cant find comfort in that then I dont know where comfort comes from.