Hi, I have an assignment in my Creative Writing class in college. It is just an intro/gen-ed class but we have an assignment where we need to write a short story/scene. It has to start of with the protagonist facing conflict, develop characters, use scenery, etc. One rule was the protagonist cant die and it cant be a dream. Could I get some feedback on this story? Thanks Guys!

Through Rain and Shine

Parents, children, pets, all ran around the park, screaming, laughing, enjoying that beautiful spring day. Dandelions and maples blossomed underneath that almost perfect blue sky. One small, dark blemish off in the distance would certainly not spoil that day. 

I waited for her in the rocky, dirt parking lot in the back, wishing she was on her way so we could enjoy that day together. That wasnt the case. I was waiting for her so we could talk. Nothing good ever comes from talking with your partner. 

That blemish in the sky grew slightly larger and soft gusts of wind blew in. People began to leave the park as her little car pulled in and parked next to mine. I heard her door open and shut and then the passenger door of my car opened. She climbed in but I still hadnt even looked over at her. 

Without any formal greetings she whispered, Im so sorry for all of this. I put you through hell this past week and I still dont know what I want to do.

Shes had a week to think about it. A week to decide if she wanted to stay in the relationship or leave, break it, end it all. My eyes concentrated on that dark cloud that was moving in. My mouth dry, lips stuck together, forming a straight line. Deep down I knew that this is what was coming but then she said something that caught my attention.

I dont want to lose you. I dont want to make the wrong decision and throw away the 5 years weve been together.

The wind that had blown across the park pushed the blemish away, and slowly the blue sky that was hidden underneath was revealed. Hope entered my brain, my heart, for the first time that week. The wind changed direction right at that moment. Strong hurricane-like winds blew in. The sky changed to black almost immediately and rain began to pour down. Drops pelted the windshield while the wind shook the car.

I looked over, tears lined her face and I heard the dreaded words she muttered, I think we need to end it. Its over. 

The wind bludgeoned me, almost knocked me over a few times while I walked down that trail to our favorite spot. A little clearing, under the largest oak tree in the woods. We used to sit under the branches that trapped all of our memories beneath them. 

The rope was strung over the branch, tied to perfection. I slipped a few times as I climbed the tree but I managed to get nestled on the branch. I looked down to where we once sat. The memories were created here, the memories will stay here. 

The emotion that I lacked when she ended things finally caught up to me. The tears rolled down my cheek and mixed with the warm rain. I thought that the pain of being alone, without her, was much worse than any other pain. I was ready or so I thought.  I just couldnt get myself to go through with it. 

Like a coward, I jumped. 

The dark clouds that were above separated. The golden glints of the sun shined through.

I jumped off the branch towards the soft, wet ground while the noose rocked in the wind


