Jeffery was sitting in his statistics class nodding away as the information was simply passing by him. He could hardly wait to get out of class. Mondays, and Fridays were fine because there was a small chance of him seeing her. However, on Wednesdays she was always on time. He could see it now walking out from his this room strolling down Taylor Mall. Casually looking over to his right, and there she would be in a sunflower dress with dark hair writing in her journal. He could feel it now the sun beating down on him, and the wind tickling his skin. Jeffery would spend hours every day imagining how he would ask her to a date.  Perhaps Coffee, no she wouldnt like coffee its obvious she likes tea. The courage he needed wasnt there; he couldnt talk to girls especially beautiful ones like her. The clock was ticking away, and the professor closed his book with a loud thud. Everyone got up, and started to leave. Jeffery was so deep into though that he didnt hear class was over so early. Looking at the clock he knew he had time to stroll around in the building. She wouldnt be there until 12:30. 
Jeffery walked out and down the hall to his right. Ahead of him was the journalist building. He thought why not pop on by, and see what they were up to. He fixed his tie, and walked in. The building was much more impressive than the criminal justice one. Newly remolded it held three floors, and a news station on top. All of the students were moving around through the building all dressed nice, and talking about current events. College always had the optimistic feel to it especially on Wednesdays. Jeffery looked around the room. I may as well take a seat, I still have ten minutes. He sat there and opened up his favorite book, and started to read. Behind him he could hear the television blaring news programs. Another new part of the build was a massive projector showing news around the clock. Give me a good book any day. 
He wasnt a page in when he heard Some of the most difficult of challenges is taking the first step. 
Jeffery turned kept listening. We have to fight for what we want, and never take no for answer. Today may be the last day we have on earth. Jeffery was feeling something moving inside of him, a strange inspiration. So with this last day we will love like there is no tomorrow, fight like there is no tomorrow, and live like there is no tomorrow. YES, Jeffery thought yes thats right I have to tell her. He turns around to see where this new motivation comes from. On the scene is black and the words come up Ford. Why do car commercials always have the best inspiration? His watch started to beep he looked down 12:25. This was it he was about to see her. He got up, but the inspiration he felt still lingered with him. His breathing picked up, and he started to walk at a brisk pace. This was something different this was something new. He was going to ask her to a date today. He was actually going to talk to her. He started moving faster and faster almost running to the door. He quickly opens it. Im going to do it I can do it. He rounds the corner to Taylor mall and stops to look for her. In his excitement he began to frantically search. She wasnt on the grass like she normally was, or on any of the benches. He felt the need to keep looking. It was Wednesday she had to be here. There was no mistake she wasnt here. He went over to where she normally sat a small group of people were there talking. 
Excuse me, have you seen a pretty girl with long dark hair in a Sun Flower dress?
They looked at each other and shrugged their shoulders. One of the other girls sitting there spoke up to Jeffery, Whats her name?
His face went white. In all of the time that he had been dreaming about her he never knew her name. He began to run down Taylor mall in embarrassment. He reached the edge of the street. Defeated, and broken he would get on the train back to his small dorm. Today college, and Wednesday lost their hopeful optimism.  Jeffery reached back to get his train card, and realized that his wallet was missing. Perfect as if today couldnt get any worse. He started to head back to the journalist building where he thought he lost it. We walked in, and climbed up the stairs. He got to his couch, and saw no wallet. His heart sank again. He lost his wallet, lost hope of asking the most beautiful girl out on a date, and embarrassed himself doing it. He turned to walk home when he felt a tap on his shoulder. He turned to see the prettiest girl with long dark hair in a sunflower dress standing there. He felt his heart jump for joy, and he said Hello
Your Jeffery Snipe right? I have your Wallet.
He reached out and grabbed it brushing her hand he felt his heart melt some. T-thank you, Im Jeffery
She smiled warmly Jeff I am Summer. She paused for a moment looking at him warmly,  can I tell you something Jeff?
Jeff still bewildered nodded. Summer looked away then back at him It might sound creepy but every Wednesday at 12:30 I wait for you to come out of class so I can see your smiling face, but I have never had the courage to ask you to a date.
