Winter wasn't always easy, but now melancholy is the only way to describe it. Pictures tossed along the bedroom floor, words scribbled on a letter that I'll never get quite right and a bottle of mixed pills toppled over on the vanity. A mess at best, but nothing that ever crossed my mind. The world was frozen to me, everything sat where I assumed it belonged, nothing ever needed fixed, hell, nothing was ever broken. Everything just... was. 

An emptiness hung over me like words that can barely scrape off the tip of your tongue. Some words are just too...

 "It's not worth it anymore," she said, "Why are we even here? It's like this place, this whole god damned place," her eyes swollen from crying, her voice raspy from shouting. All these questions, no solutions. 

These memories, pixelated in my mind, echoing within my ears like a trapped sheep on a mountain. Begging for its master to come save him, yet when his master hears him, crying, hopeless, alone, he knows not where the sound comes from. He wants to help, tries his best, yet at the end of it all he can do nothing more.

I collapsed on my bed and stared at the tear stained pillow. Clutching the sheets my eyes widened, my breathing began to quicken.

"In the back of my mind, your mind even, we knew it couldn't work, didn't we?" I stared into her eyes, those lovely grey eyes. Her cold, blue lips, cracked and bleeding. She remained there, slumped into the floor of the bathroom. The mirror shattered, blood dripping into the sink and down my knuckles.

"Why.." I mutter, I think. The word trapped in my throat. I see the needle in her arm, the belt wrapped around her bicep. That's when I hear the last words out of her god damned mouth.

"If I die, will you follow me?"

My fingers released their deathly grasp from the sheets. Air began to slip through my nostrils more slowly and the world around me felt so.. beautiful. My eyes, I couldn't shut my eyes. And before I knew it, I heard those words again.

"If I die, will you follow me?"

So I did.


EDIT: Fixed a sentence. Also, this is my first post here so please let me know what you think!