  The music wove itself into his dream. I cant stand the rai-ain, it hammered into his brain and jolted him out of sleep. It wasnt the Missy Elliott version. He knew that one well. It
was the original.
  It didnt take long before he realized what was happening. It was a party. In his home. While he slept. And he knew instantly how it all came to be. James!
  James was going to a staff party earlier in the night. A Christmas party two weeks after Christmas. He had said he wasnt going to be drinking, which was comforting to hear but not entirely believable. Just a few days earlier, he had come home so drunk that he vomited in the kitchen sink in the middle of the night. And of course he left it there. And on the kitchen counter. And on the floor. Afshin had left him a note asking him to clean it up, and also the cigarette butts in the sink, but when he came home from work that afternoon, it was still there. There was less of it and the butts were gone. That meant James had in fact cleaned up. There was still puke on the counter. There was still puke on the floor. And there was still puke in the
sink, but a little bit less.
  He had said he wouldnt be drinking tonight. He left the apartment for the party and came back 10 minutes later. Someones dog had been run over by a car, he said. The dog was dead and he was fetching a blanket to wrap it in. He said the owner of the dog was
devastated. Was it bearing witness to that tragedy that led him to drink? Afshin dismissed the idea instantly. It was foolish to think he wasnt going to be drinking.
  Afshin got up and got dressed. There was no way he could sleep. But he was not in the mood to socialize either. James must have seen the light come on from underneath the door.
  He called Afshins name. But Afshin chose to ignore it. He wasnt in the mood to respond. He opened the door and walked out. There, around the kitchen table was Jamess friend, Mattias,
whom he knew well. And also two women. James introduced them and one of them said they had met before. He didnt recognize her and chose to ignore that comment as well. He said nice meeting you rather insincerely and grabbed his winter coat and backpack and made for the door.
  Where are you going?
  I cant sleep. Gonna go somewhere get some work done.
  Where? James slurred again.
  Probably The Standard.
  The Standard is a 24-hour diner, decorated in retro furniture and frequented by a young, and - for the lack of a better word - hipsterish crowd. The early January night was so cold, Afshin thought his hands were frostbitten by the time he reached his destination two city blocks away.
  The sign on the wide open door said Please close door. He closed it behind him.
  He sat down and noticed something hitting his foot under the table. Someone had left their backpack there. He took it out and hung it on the booth. There was room for only one backpack under that tiny table. He took out his book, but instead his attention was focused on
that huge, unappetizing menu. It took the waiter a long time to come over. But that was ok because he didnt really want anything anyways. After much deliberation, he decided on a cup
of decaf and a beet salad. He must think Im a health freak or something, he thought as he ordered. He chuckled to himself at the thought.
  Oh! He exclaimed as the waiter turned to walk away.
  Yes?
  Someone left their backpack. He pointed to where it was hanging.
  Oh? This one?
  Yeah.
  Thanks.
  There was a brief pause.
  Take care. The waiter said as he left with the backpack.
  Afshin didnt respond. And that made the waiters last words seem even more awkward
  Try explaining that to someone whos new to the country, he thought as he remembered the few Japanese visa students he had befriended in the past. They had been so keen to learn the nuances of everyday English they werent taught in school. And of course he had obliged by teaching them whatever nineties hip hop slang he knew. Just picture a bunch of Japanese girls giggling and saying sick gear, homie while throwing out their arms like Eric B. on the
cover of Paid in Full.
  He started to create a scenario in his head: He was sitting there with a group of Japanese students. The waiter comes over, grabs the backpack and says Thanks. Take care. It was a clearly an unintended slip coming from the brain, and then through the mouth of an overtired waiter at 3am. But how would he explain that to the students? Why did he say take care? They would ask. Is that not something you say as a goodbye? they would demand to know.
  And then he would have to explain to them that the waiter misspoke. And that all in the world was ok. Their grasp of the English language was safe and sound. It was a mistake by a native speaker. But then the waiter would hear this. Maybe he would come over and explain and then apologize for causing the confusion. Maybe he would just pretend he didnt hear it. Maybe he would be offended that they were talking about him and - what was without a doubt
in Afshins mind - an unbearably embarrassing moment for him.
  But what if something like that happened to Afshin when he visited France next month? He had been doing all he could to polish up on his French before the Paris trip. He would much rather not have to speak French. But he was afraid of the wrath of all the snotty Paris waiters of legend - the way he had heard they treated you if you didnt speak French. He didnt want to get kicked out of a cafe on Champs Elysees for his lack of French (even though he had no
plans to visit Champs Elysees). So what if one of the French waiters misspoke and said something that just didnt make any sense? There would be confusion of epic proportions.
  Afshin felt a tinge of panic at the thought. Another scenario ensued. In this one hes asking the French waiter what he meant and trying to understand his explanation.
  He realized he had gone through two pages of his book without paying much attention to any of it. He went back to where he had started from and tried not to think about waiters saying the wrong things at the wrong time.
  He had barely read and understood a couple of paragraphs before the salad arrived. There it was: Beets, greens, lots of goat cheese and some pecans. The thought of putting anything with vinaigrette in his mouth so soon after waking up from a deep sleep turned his
stomach at first. A few minutes later, the plate was clean of all of its contents. Not a morsel of cheese, not the tiniest of leaf fragments remained.
  What did remain though was enough beet juice to turn half of several pages in his book red after he dropped it while trying to turn a page. It hit an empty glass, which hit the floor with
a thud. It was obvious from the noise that it survived the fall. It didnt break. The waiter rushed over.
  Is everything ok?
  Yeah I think so.
  You dropped the glass? Did it break? He asked, not quite in an accusatory but more in a concerned tone.
  I dont think so.
  The waiter knelt down on the floor and fished the glass out from underneath the table - the same spot where the take care backpack was left and forgotten. He walked away with the glass and promptly came back with another. This perfectly normal gesture took Afshin by
surprise. He obviously had no use for the glass since the last one was empty, he thought. And he clearly had no intention of filling it. He asked for the bill and gave the waiter a generous tip although he really didnt want to.
  Bundled up outside, he lit a cigarette. He moved a few doors away, because he didnt want to disappoint the waiter and his assumed health-conscious impression of him. He leaned against the railing of a local sports pub - a great place to go during big soccer tournaments like the World Cup and the Euros when Portugal played. It was the only place in Little Portugal where you could root for any team other than Portugal, which was what Afshin liked to do. His
hatred for a few of the players was only a small part of his dislike of the Portuguese soccer team. Most of it had nothing to do with the actual team. It was the tendency of a good portion of the citys Portuguese community to descend on his neighbourhood, right underneath his window, waving Portuguese flags and greeting honking cars with all sorts of noisemakers for
hours on end following the smallest, least significant victory. And once the Portuguese team was eliminated - which he liked to believe didnt take long at all - they would all do the same again for Brazil.
  The lights were out at the pub. But there were noises coming from inside. A faint music. It was close to 5am. He started to feel the nibbling of that frost at his uncovered hand and flicked the butt. An old Chinese man was walking towards him. Afshin only became aware that he had been staring at him after the man cheerfully said good morning as he walked by.
  Good morning. Afshin replied.
  It had been a night of surprises.
  Back outside his apartment, he looked up at the window before entering the building.
  The lights were off. He walked in.
  The first thing he noticed was a purse at the dining table. He looked around and spotted the coat. The light was on in Jamess room. He could see it from under the door. But there were no noises.
There was something else at the dining table: A framed sign. It said Congratulations. You are the winner of a Beauty Rest bed. Get some beauty rest. He remembered James talking about it. The company had donated a bed to the restaurant where James worked after a
marketing campaign went viral. The premise was that they were no longer going to stay open late so their employees could get more rest. They produced a video and it caught the bedmakers attention. Afshin reflected on the irony that his roommate - the winner of the bed - sleeps most of the day, and keeps him awake most of the night.
  He went to bed wondering if there would be noise later. He also wondered which one of the two women James was entertaining in his bed. Was it the one he had apparently met before? It didnt really matter.
  The next morning, he woke up early. The purse and the coat were still there. He was tempted to put on music and to turn it up loud with one of the speakers placed right outside of and facing Jamess door. But instead he kept it as reasonably quiet as he could. He could hear James snoring from his bedroom.