
SUNDAY SERVICE

We had taken the church, an area with enough firewood for weeks, and enough space for us. it wasn't too much though, the previous owner had put up a fight, but a well aimed AR-50 shot has settled that, the remains still laying against one of the pews. but as we sat discussing what to do, I looked back on how we had got here.

FIVE months ago the government went to hell, over fifteen trillion dollars of debt led to riots and mass shootings. the government sought help from other countries but they didn't want to get into it. America, the world's 2nd largest country fell in a matter of hours. stocks losing worth by the second. people decided that if they were going to do something, they would do it then. so they stocked up supplies. the other few who thought this would all blow over died within a month.

The lucky ones found refuge in groups of bandits, or in secluded locations, but most were slaughtered when the looting started. houses cleared of everything useful, there were several survivor groups situated in metro Pennsylvania, but when the government stopped sending airdrops, it became an all out war. no longer was it about food or shelter, but now it was kill or be killed. your supplies making a nice addition to a bandits loot or a team's armoury.

It became quite apparent quite quickly that nobody would come to help, and if people didn't band up, they were dead meat. one month later, the first of the raids started, survivor groups attempting to take over others for their supplies. food was rotting badly now, and only fresh or canned goods were safe to eat. I was in one of those raiding groups, we were a hefty group of about sixty. the elderly and the young fiercely protected by adults, but what was in-between was considered ideal candidates for raids.

We were sent out by our leader, Laman, on a stormy night, with direct instructions to recon on the enemy, relay back the results, and then attack them and run. they were backed up in a school, A large wall separating them from us, so we holed up in a two storey house opposite. from what we could tell there were about fourteen of them, six guards situated on makeshift towers on the walls, sheets of metal drilled into the limestone brick, enough to support a man, but not much else.

They had a mixed variety of guns. Ones like the M4A1, M14 and G3, military assault rifles. obviously stolen from another group or found in one of the airdrops, while others had Remington 800 models, popular hunting rifles. but the one that really scared me, was an AR-50, a large sniper rifle with enough force to go through half-plate steel. I remember feeling grateful for my uncle, showing me how to shoot and spot different models from others.

Myself and six others, James, Michael, and Don had each Glock 40 pistols with Holographic sights and enough ammo for about 3 mags. not much, but we had guessed it was enough to take  out at least two of the guards. we sent back two of the younger children to base, leaving us with me, the other gunmen, and our spotter, Javier, who had a grenade. he would call the enemies position from a nearby tree.

we chose our targets.




Don and Michael went for the M14 men, James for the G3, and I went for the man with the AR-50. the two men with the Remingtons had a low chance of hitting us with the simple iron sights, so we shrugged them off for the time being.

At 2303 we aimed, the short gun barrels sticking out of a broken window, and shot. from what I could tell in the fray afterwards, James managed to hit the G3 man in the torso, dropping him, while Don had shot his target in the leg, and Michael missed altogether. as for me, I had hit the AR-50 sniper dead between the eyes, killing him instantly. Javier informed us that the group had gone behind cover, ducking behind barrels and such, and they mostly wielded hunting rifles. James and Don had ducked instantly. but as if he had a death wish, Micheal hadnt. searching desperately for what he had shot, trying to keep his ego intact. but about two seconds later, his ego met a piece of lead, striking him from one of the Remington shooters.

I almost chuckled to myself, I had underestimated a group that had survived this long. James looked horrified at the bloody mess that lay next to him, but I seized the moment and grabbed Michaels gun and magazines. we sat there for about five minutes, shots randomly pinging off the house we hid in.

we were stuck.

if we tried to run, we would be shamed by Laman, but if we stayed to fight with the weapons we had, it would be a slaughter.

then I had a plan.

I commando-crawled down the stairs and over to the back door, opening it just enough so I could sneak through. The tree Javier was in was in the backyard of the spacious plot. I called to him and threw up the Glock and its ammo. as I jumped the fence I explained to my group through my handheld that they had to provide cover fire for me when I gave the signal.              I crossed over a few more properties until I was directly opposite where one of the gunmen was seated. scanning the house I was just at before. I got ready behind a couch and aimed my Glock at the G3 gunman, when I was ready, I gave the signal.

And then the spray started. wild shots meant to look like they had meaning. pelleting the wall of the base. I breathed in and centred my shot on the man, and took my opportinuty. through the bloody mess I saw one thing, it had entered through his throat. he died a few seconds later. 

the next part was almost the most daring, I would run over, climb onto the guards post, take his Gun and magazines, I was undecided what to do after that, but I knew that was a start.

With my team still firing randomly, I told them to finish off their ammo, and this was where Javier came in. he would throw the one grenade as hard as he could across the street, to the school wall. we got ourselves ready, and on the count of three, we started the assault.

it seemed to happen in slow motion, I shot the Remington sniper who was near me and vaulted the couch I was behind. Don and James shot sporadically at the base, chipping the limestone blocks, one managed to get a headshot on the M16 guy. I sprinted across the street, dancing with the lead spitting at my feet. as I glanced back I saw the grenade flying through the air.

A bullet whizzed past my ear, sounding like an aggravated wasp, I knew that the rest of the nest was not too far behind. as I reached the other side of the street I dived to the wall, and at that exact moment. the grenade went off, shrapnel and chunks of turf spraying in every direction. taking my opportunity I jumped onto 8 foot wall, grabbing the lip and hauling myself up. The G3 sat there waiting for me, I quickly grabbed it and its ammo, but I was met at a crossroads.

Do I retreat back to the houses, or continue the assault here? my decision was made by the other Remington sniper, his shot skimming past my feet. I was a sitting duck down there, so I hurled myself at one of the roofs. it was a slanted thing with a pyramid shaped slate roof, it shielded me from both the sniper and the group of shooters, so I took my moment of calm to regroup and reconsider.

I radioed my group to report in.

Don was out of ammo, James had managed to get his gun to malfunction, the hammer stuck in the shoot position, but Javier still had almost full mags from Michael, and I had a G3 assault rifle. I said to sit tight, took the rail mounted holographic sight off of my pistol and onto the G3. I told Javier to be ready to cover me. I was about to peek over the lip of the roof when a shot missed my head by centimetres. the Remington guy had his barrel pointed straight at me.

I knew my seconds were numbered.

I quickly rolled to the right and took aim.

he looked at me with cold eyes.

I hesitated.

he smiled and his finger pulled at the trigger.

A shot rang out. 

he dropped to the ground.

I wasn't really listening but I heard a faint, Got em from Javier.

I pulled the radio out from my hip and my finger held the reply button, but nothing came out of my mouth. Yeah, yeah, I get the idea, I saved your life remarked javier, I quickly thanked him and he shrugged it off, but I knew he knew it was deeper than that.

Back to the job, I lifted my head over the lip and saw about eight people, behind some sort of cover, but I also heard something else. it was hard to understand but it was pretty clear their leader was inside the main building. bunkered up behind some kind of makeshift defence, the windows obscured by sheet metal. I checked the magazine, it was full, I aimed at the closest man, and flicked the fire selector to full auto, I put my shoulder in the fixed stock, and shot.

Controlling most of the shots with my shoulder and hand I gunned down six of them before they even had a chance to react, but as I went for the seventh the hammer clicked empty, I quickly grabbed one of the magazines, and reloaded. but as I lifted my head over the lip a shot rang out. not wanting my head to become spaghetti, I rolled to the side of the roof, and peeking over there, shot them both. a shout came from the building, and a white sock cleared the doorway, followed by a metal rod. the metal rod swung the sock around, I looked at in confusion, and realised.

surrender.

 I quickly radioed the team, saying we had won, there was a roar of happiness from the radio.

About twenty minutes later, James sat beside me on the roof, I wondered what to do now, he looked at me earnestly.

I We had an idea.
what do you mean? I said, not really caring.
We gotta go somewhere.
what do you mean?
you see, Laman, hes been awful to us. 
yeah, that pretty normal considering the circumstances, I gestured around the place, blood splattered everywhere, bodies littering the courtyard.
but we have a plan, to get away.
what? I was jerked into action 
we took this base right. he also gestured around.
yeah
Well why don't we grab the food and stuff from here and get the hell out!

I almost shook my head in disagreement but then I thought about it, our group would be raided one time or another, and four guys gone wouldn't really matter. we had enough supplies here to start a new group, and escape Laman.

So that's what we did. we grabbed duffle bags and some of the weapons, lots of food and water, as well as ammo and other things. at best, we had enough supplies to last us at least two years, so we loaded them into a truck in the staff parking. we were about to drive off when I remembered the AR-50, I quickly jumped out and grabbed it, I gave it to James and got in the drivers seat.

We drove about fifty miles, we had a location, a church Don used to go to, First Presbyterian Church. we tried the direct route and found the bridges collapsed, so we went further north and found Girard bridge still reasonably intact. after some fender bending and gently pushing other cars out of the way we got over it. we got to the church no problem.

When we arrived though we were met by gunshots, a man had also taken refuge there, he had an AA-12 auto shotgun, but more than three hundred feet and it was so inaccurate he couldn't hit us if he tried. we parked the truck further up the road, and I took the AR-50 from James, I slowly cocked the shot, and when he poked his head out from the doors cover I shot. at this range, he was dead meat, even to a beginner it was an easy shot. 

250 metres.

No bullet drop.

No sway.

his body got flung back against a pew, and he lay still.