Hey this a little short story I wrote it's my first public writing post so please be gentle.

XR-6ST (shortstory)

   The year is 2066, where the world we live in today has long since begun it's decline. Humans are very few in numbers having lost most due to their own wars and diseases. The humans, having lost most of their jobs and usefulness to the machines have resorted to stealing and fighting the machines. Now that's not to say all the humans are bad. Quite a few of them, the wealthy mainly, have fought against the corrupt humans. These humans started a 
company or force you might say to help rid the world of these corrupted humans. And that ladies and gentlemen is where our story begins.

   WipeTek, the leading technology powerhouse that brings you your safety,protection, and trust that the world of tomorrow can be a safe one! WipeTek makes all sorts of different types of machines to accommodate different zones to protect. From household service and security to military grade war machines. One day on the assembly line, a day like any other the quality assurance team is inspecting the machines about to go out into the world to fight crime. An employee that test the circuitry and software finds a deformed motherboard in a civilian safety bot. "Hey boss over here I've got a melted board!" he yells towards the man in the suit that was standing up on a walkway above the line. The boss comes over to the defective bot and takes a look at it. "Oh man the motherboard has melted to the frame, that's unrepairable, toss it down the recycling chute" he said pointing at the square hole in the wall with a yellow and black striped boarder around the edges. "And get back to work!", "yes sir!" the employee said walking back to his position on the QA line. The bot now sliding down the winding chute flies out into a dumpster behind the factory. It lands in a puddle of green liquid in the bin of defective machines. Sparks start to fly as the bot twitches and snaps to life. Lying on its back in the dumpster lights flickering on his head display. 'Data initializing...boot sequence: 
civilian safety patrol'. 

   "Civilian safety bot ready for service". Gaining control now, he climbs out of the dumpster and falls on the ground with a clunk. He stands up scanning the alley. He's about five foot tall, a little beat up from the fall. He has a small photon cannon for his left arm. "Scans clear, no trouble here." He proceeds down the alleyway to the street ready to clean the city. "Alright day one, first day on the job lets make master proud." Away he goes to fight crime not knowing 
that he was a tossed out defect not meant for this world.


   "Help no stop it!" a woman's scream echoes from down the road. "A citizen in distress!" the bot says with almost glee as if machines had emotions. It comes sprinting down the road the sound of his legs mechanical sound reverberating off the buildings. "Stop right there criminal on the orders of WipeTek!" he said as he skidded to a stop holding up his cannon arm. Flabbergasted the criminal drops the woman's purse he was stealing and makes a run for it. The bot fires a stun shot from his cannon and hits the criminal in the back. He falls to the floor and something weird happens. A black smoke like figure emerges out the body and soars away 
in a flash. "What was that? My scanners must be faulty from the fall." Turning to the woman he asks "are you all right citizen?" "Yes sir thank you!" "You are very welcome, WipeTek wishes you a safe and lovely day!" As he's about to walk away he asks the woman "Ma'am did you see anything strange with that criminal?" "Other than the fact he was trying to kill me and steal my purse, no." she replied stoutly and he just continues out onto the streets wondering what that smoke was.


   That night on patrol. The security bot is walking past a gas station. His sensors go off picking up the signal of the stations silent alarm going off. looking inside he sees a man holding a gun up to the clerk. "Quickly now, give me the money!" The bots charges into the station holding up his right hand and the gun comes flying out of the mans hand into the bots. "Stop right there, you didn't think you could steal on WipeTek's watch did you?" He knocks the man down and handcuffs him, then begins to walk him out side. "The police car will be here momentarily to take you to prison." The man falls to the floor like he had just all of a sudden up and died. As he hits the ground a cloud of black smoke rises out of him and starts to fly away. "Not this again!" he says leaping into the air and raising his cannon he begins to suck him backwards towards him. He lands back on the ground pulling the smoke back with him. It has a face, "what are you?" he asks. "Wait you can see us?"  the thing asks. "Is that a surprise to you criminal? now what are you and why are you committing these crimes?" "I don't have to answer to you robot. You'll never stop the masters plan." the thing said with an evil grin. "Who is you master i will stop him" the bot said. "Ha good luck with that" the thing laughed. "The 9 evils can never be stopped! They will conquer this world." "Not if i can help it." the bot said.


   One by one the security bot tracked down the evil 9 masters, containing them within his photon cannon. "hats all of them, contained within the photon cells! The city has been cleaned of these vile creatures. I should report back to my master back at WipeTek." The bot returned to WipTek headquarters and was stopped at the front gate. "Halt bot, what are you doing out of your jurisdiction?" the guard bot at the gate said. "I have completed my mission sir and I must see the master to check in." The guard bot stood in silence for a few seconds probably confused, like robots had those kind of feelings. The guard then raising his hand up to his 
ear and says "boss we have a rouge security bot here stating he need to speak with you." "What model number?" the boss asks. "Turn around I need to see your number" the guard commanded. "He is model number XR-6ST sir." "Odd that model was marked for disposal, bring it up here. lets see what this is about." "Sir!" the guard answered. "Come with me XR-6ST, the boss will see you." They walk inside and take the main elevator up to the top floor. The door opens to a large round room with windows all around overlooking the city. "So this is the rogue bot I've started hearing of this past week." "Sir security bot reporting in! I have completed my mission of ridding the city of all criminals and the 9 evil masters that controlled them." the bot said standing tall and saluting. "I''m sorry what 9 ones do you speak of?" the boss asked. "The evil shadow masters that possessed the people into commmiting crimes sir. My scanners picked up the visuals after catching a few small criminals, they floated out of their body's. I captured one and he told me of their masters." The boss stood there for a minute looking puzzled and annoyed. "So you can see the demons controlling the people, and you were able to kill them?" "No sir I was able to capture them in my photon container in my arm." the bot said. "Oh well then that's good I was worried you had killed all my demons." "Your demons sir? You mean these are your creations?" "Well yes they keep the crime up and security bot sales up and you, bot have single-handedly stopped them. Luckily they are just held within your containment cell. Guard grab this bot and take him into the lab for deconstruction, 
this time you will not make it out of this building in one piece." The boss started laughing evilly. "No this cant be!" XR-6ST said. Fighting off the guard bot XR sprints passed the boss and shatters through the window flying down towards the city. "All guards red alert security bot XR-6ST has escaped! Red alert XR-6ST has escaped, all guards search and capture!


							To Be Continued...