I never thought I'd fall in love. It just seemed like a fantasy to me. The idea of having your perfect match; the positive to negative, seemed impossible for me. I think the reason I thought this, was because I was never open to the idea of it. Every person that could have been the one: I just pushed away.

I woke up in a bright, white room. It reminded me of my mother's teeth. She always kept them in check. She was like a drill sergeant to me about brushing my own. And as I scanned the room to figure out where I was I noticed three things: No doors, no windows, and the deceased, nude woman in the middle of it. I fell to the floor in shock.

Hello? I yelled. I hoped someone would have answered me back as I migrated to the corner of the room. I had to have been switched with someone, I thought. It had to have been a mistake. But knowing my questions wouldn't be answered, I yelled more.

Looking at the bright side  I had my watch. I loved seeing time fly by. It was my favorite hobby. I could do it anywhere: Work, school, church, you name it. There was just something about lowering my watch, waiting an unknown amount of time, and seeing that two hours and thirty-eight minutes have just passed.

I looked down at my watch; it was 3:35 PM. Five minutes have passed and no wall developed a hole in it. The body laid still as I checked each of the walls for any hollow spots, but unluckily, it sounded like there was 25 feet of concrete behind each wall. The only thing that resembled a way out was the single light bulb hanging from the ceiling. I moved the body a couple feet over and tried jumping the bulb, hoping I could pull it and whatever contents attached to it out of the ceiling, but you can't reach extreme heights when you're five-foot-three.

I wasn't even given the option to find clues in this game. It was just the woman and I. I felt like I recognized her. I knew I've never seen her in my life but she had a resemblance of someone I knew. It was difficult to look at her body, so I took off my jacket and covered up as much as I could.I really hoped for the tiniest breathe to come out of her so she would wake up and be in this situation with me, but I was alone. I was used to it.

My mother and I never really shared anything together besides our meals. She always said to me If youre not going to be a man now, you wont be one later. She always pushed me reaching maturity prematurely. It seemed like everything I did was never really up to par with my mothers standards. Appreciation was sucked dry out of her and there was no way of rehydrating it.

I remember one time my mother woke me up at 4:00 AM to make me shovel the driveway after a big snowstorm. Get up Mason! She yelled. She sent me outside with the bright orange shovel that was almost a foot taller than I was at the time.

There's too much, Mom! I yelled to her.

I need to get to work! Shovel! And so I did.

There was no reason to pick a fight with her. She ruled the house. Anything she said - went. It was either do as she said or be homeless during the rough Michigan winter. I think it was a trade-off I couldn't refuse.

I think my mother is the reason why I cant interact with other people correctly. She conditioned me to be someone who just sits and takes what is given to them, no matter the circumstances. I've developed this pattern of ending chapters in my life when they havent been finished. Every girl who wanted me to fight for them saw that I wasn't going to work hard in a relationship. It was their decision to either keep trying with me or move on and find someone that actually cares. My gratitude for my mother is overflowing.

I checked my watch again and 8 hours passed. I couldn't sleep; the sound of my own heartbeat and that fucking light bulb were keeping me up. My head was getting to me and all I felt was anger. No ounce of tranquility was left in me. The symptoms of my sleep deprivation kicked in.

Hello? asked a tiny voice. It came from the center of the room. I sat up slowly. I saw a woman with my jacket on her peering around the room. Who's that? She questioned. I walked slowly over to her.

You were dead, I said. I stared at her eyes.

Who are you? She asked. I walked away.

You were dead! I yelled.

I ran to the corner of the room and crouched down. This couldn't be real. My mind was racing with suspicions. A hand lightly touched my shoulder. The kind of touch like curiosity. The curiosity I felt when waking up in that room. I turned around.

Who are you? She asked.

Mason, I replied. Who are you?

I'm Nora.

Do you have any idea where we are? I asked.

No.

After moving out of the house, my life was stress free, but something didn't feel right. I felt like a poorly categorized record. I was a punk trying to fit in with the pop crowd. And although I wasn't the most popular guy to the group of friends I was in  I was the most popular guy to Chelsea. We did everything together. Im an idiot.

My head dropped from hoping a new door would open for me, but I was still stuck. Nora pulled my jacket tighter around her body. I looked down at my watch again  three more hours have passed. I looked back up at Nora and she slightly smiled at me. I'm not much of a smiler but I'm sure she was more scared than I was. I smiled back. There was something about this girl that I couldn't shake off my shoulders.

A tremor shook the room. The light bulb in the center swayed back and forth. I looked at Nora. The expression of her face didn't change. I didn't stop to question the tremor either. We both just stared at each other. Staring at her was like the moments right before a first kiss: You don't know if you should go for it. And if you do will she kiss back? It made me feel like a child again. Like I had another shot at life.

Theres been a sentence that has just replayed in my head over and over again since I've heard it. For some people, its just another meaningless sentence. I never knew three words could make you instantly change your mind about how your life is going. How you affect the people around you. I was a coward. Afraid of what was best for me. I cant sit here and wonder why I lost the most important person to me. I know why. Its not a puzzle.

I looked down at my watch. I had lost count of time. Nothing else mattered to me except the brown hair, blue eyed, girl in front of me. We barely had spoken to each other, but I felt like I knew everything about her. And I think she felt the same for me. I did something that I would have never caught myself doing outside of the room; and as we kissed, an overwhelming feeling came over me. I found what I was looking for. My shame of loving someone had disappeared completely. I had learned to love without having to fall in love.

The room started to shake again. I held on to Nora. The light bulb swayed like an abandoned swing at a playground. One by one, the walls started cracking and falling. Debris filled the air and as each wall crumbled an even brighter light than the light bulb filled what was left of the room. As the last panel came to a final crush, I stood up. I walked towards the illuminated emptiness behind the crushed walls. As I reached the border between the two I closed my eyes and breathed in. Fresh air. I smiled.

I turned back to Nora - she was gone. Nora? I yelled. I peered around the room for her. She was back in the center of my limbo, dead. I slowly walked over to her. I crouched down next to her and wrapped my jacket around her again and kissed her on the cheek. Thank you, I whispered. I wasnt just randomly chosen to be put in that room. I needed to be there. If I didn't, I would have kept moving on with this life of fear. Was it a dream? I dont know. Every day passes and my memory of those moments gets stronger and stronger. It doesnt matter to me. I left the room.

Listen to the narrarated version at https://www.youtube.com/user/TheRVTimes