A still night with a bright moon illuminated a willow tree casting spidery patterns on the ground. Oscar sat under the tree feeling a little disorientated after drinking three pints with some new friends at the pub. The friends had moved onto the pub down the road, but Oscar decided he needed a little rest. The council had recently drained the duck pond he was sitting next to so many mosquitoes and other flying insects flow about going about their business and occasionally snacking on a mostly oblivious Oscar.
A nice spot for a rest and a think  thought Oscar.
His phone buzzed in his pocket  probably some other friends wondering what he was up to. He ignored it.

Suddenly  a large dog ran up to him. Sticking its nose in his face.
Hey boy  said Oscar and gave it a pat. The dog panted heavily and its owner ran past 
Come on Charlie said his owner  running off into the distance.
Bye bye Charlie thought Oscar as the dog ran off.
What a nice dog he thought as his eyes closed and he fell asleep.

Oscar awoke with the sun on his face and noisy birds in the trees above. 
Oscars mind was a bit groggy from sleep and the previous nights celebrations so his eyes opened reluctantly and without any enthusiasm.  A white figure appeared in front of his face. Upon further focusing and concentration the white figure turned into a large goose looming over Oscars head as he lay on the ground. 
Honk said the goose. 

Hi Goose said Oscar slowly and tried to give it a pat. The goose gave him  a sharp peck on the forehead and the world turned white.
When Oscar opened his eyes again his head was in a bit more pain than usual, and he had a semi-focused vision of a white goose with a black wing  slowly walking away from him. 
Not a nice goose he muttered.
He noticed the pond in front of him was now full water. 
That was fast he thought  the tree he thought he was under had disappeared  there appeared to be a gravel area behind him now filled with old vintage cars. Women strolled around the pond with well attired gentlemen, looking slightly alarmed at Oscar.
Thats different thought Oscar, trying really hard to make sense of things.
I probably shouldnt be sleeping on the ground  Oscar slowly got to his feet.

The ground seemed to wobble a little as he stood up. The sound of traffic which would usually be ever present was gone  horse drawn carriages went past on the street behind him.  A large red brick building surrounded by an iron fence was across the pond in front of him. The words East Street Workhouse were displayed proudly on the fence.
This doesnt look right he thought.
His mobile phone displayed that no service was available. He grimaced. 

Ok, got to think back  sat down under a tree patted a dog, went to sleep  large goose, and what seems to be Victorian England. His eyes flew  from side to side taking in his surroundings. He ran his hands over his face hoping things would focus better and make sense. 
Ok, I have to find that goose he thought  - leaping to a finely honed conclusion.
I was Ok the goose pecked me and things have changed, Ive got to get to the goose.
A policeman absentmindedly twirling a baton slowly walked up to him. 
This park isnt for the likes of you to sleep in said the policeman.
Oscar noticed the policeman wasnt wearing the usual arrangement of stab proof vest and uhf radio he was familiar seeing  instead he had a large rounded black hat and shiny buttoned coat. 

Sorry  was just leaving  he blurted out.
Oscar noticed a black winged goose floating in the water ahead of him.
But first I need to get that goose  he said to the policeman and he ran into the water.
Oi! - get out of there  said the policeman as Oscar charged into the water.
A could of people gathered beside the pond watching  him and pointing. 
No SWIMMING IN THE POND shouted the policeman.


But Oscar had his target now, he could not be put off by the shouting and gesticulation of the policeman. He lunged though the water at the goose who flapped nosily into the air and landed on his head. The goose considered Oscar for a moment before pecking him strongly on a beak shaped bruise in the center of his forehead. For the second time in Oscars day the world turned white.

Oscar opened his eyes and was interested to find he was lying down again. His face rested on the black muddy floor of a duck pond and over him loomed the familiar figure of the white goose with a black wing  size large. Oscar sat up quickly sitting in the putrid mud of the duck pond and then in slight panic crawling backwards with his hands behind him away from the goose.

Oscar got to the side of the pond. The traffic had returned, and so had the willow tree. The brick building across the pond was now tranquil landscaped park. Skateboarders glided past his muddy form indifferently. 
So  escaped from the time travel goose, 4 bars of phone service All good. Must be time for breakfast he thought to himself   and perhaps a long shower first.













   
