Safe


Helen?

Just be quiet Jacob, you don't want the water to hear you.

Helen, I'm not sure you're okay.

Nonsense, I got knicked in the head in a right good way, but I'm not bulling over dead.  Be quiet, or the water will hear you.  The water is coming, Jacob.

Jacob quit sobbing for a few minutes, wasn't he too old for that anyhow?  He checked his phone again, no bars.  He turned it off again, no sense wasting the batteries.  Beyond their tent the world was dark.

He mustered up the need for one last effort, Helen, we need to go.  I need to take you back.

She wouldn't budge, she refused wholeheartedly.  I want this really bad, Jacob.  This vacation.  Can we just stay quiet, so the water won't hear us?

He laid there with her for an unknowable fraction of time, snuggling close with his warmth and giving Helen all he could for these moments.  He found himself falling asleep in her lap.  She was stroking his hair, it felt so pleasant.  She asked him, gently, through a whisper, Are you afraid, Jacob, baby?

A drop from his eye rolled onto his nose, Of course, of course.  I love you so much!

She shushed him, Of course you do, I love you as so much as well.  That's why you don't need to be afraid.  I'll keep us safe from the water.

...oh

Wait here Jacob, I'll be back soon.

There wasn't anything in his being that wanted to let her go.  There wasn't anything in his being that wanted to disappoint her now.  There was just nothing that he could do.  He let her go, outside the tent.  He would do anything for her.  He couldn't save her.  If he dragged her away, it'd kill her.  He had to go along, to enjoy these last moments of her.  To make them as pleasant as possible.  He could do that, surely.

Eventually, she unzipped the tent.  She stood before him, holding water bottles.  Her head, bulbous and bloodied, had an unnattractive smile that he loved nonetheless, it was her smile.  He felt all alone, trapped, but intensely cared for.  He smiled despite himself.  The bottles were empty.  There was no water now.  I'm emptied out the water.  She smiled at her work.  She dropped the bottles pitifully.  We're safe now, the water can't get us.

I know.

She stumbled to her knees, I love you.

I know.

And they slept, safe from the water.

(feedback appreciated, encouraged)