It was pretty alright, fucking a dealer. She liked talking about her work, and I think it made her happy. She'd call herself a "white collar" dealer because she only ever sold to upper management and trust-fund kids (oh, and because she sold most of them coke, she's punny like that).

But yeah, low risk, high payout, got to hang out in big houses and nice flats in the middle of the city. She was sensible and didn't take any class A's. Nothing stronger than hash, actually, and she didn't even get that from a distributor, she bought it from her fucking dad. It was like some bizarre fairy tale written by Guy Ritchie.

So Monday rolled around, and I had to go back to the shop. Not usually much business on a monday morning, but I had to do some, paperwork, check the rat trap, you know #justsmallbusinessownerthings.

So yeah, we walked out together and... I hadn't really thoughut about, like, what to do when we said goodbye. Hug, kiss, handshake? And because I'm a fucking moron, I thought the best thing to do was just stop outside the front of my building, ask if she wanted to get together again, when, where, and everything... then... just wait.

But that didn't happen. I turned to face her and... just... I couldn't speak. I stared at her for just long enough that it looked like I wanted her to leave, but she knew. She can see in your eyes when you want something from her.

She tilted her head down a little, kept eye contact, did that kind of half-smile and brushed her hair behind her ear again. "I think you're supposed to kiss me now." Which was about the worst thing she could have said, because my chill went straight out of the window.

I reached up to her cheek with my left hand and lunged forward. It was supposed to be this lovely passionate embrace. I was going to sweep her off her feet like some prince charming with shit hair, but that didn't fucking happen.

I headbutted her. No two ways about it. I hit her in the head with my head, and immediately went "Ow, what the fuck?" Like it was somehow her fault. Then I started laughing because it made me think of "Are you fucking sorry?"

This is where I fell absolutely, helplessly in love with her. We both recovered, looked up at each other, and without missing a beat, she laughed back and said "Okay, so you could use some practice." I tried again, a little more cautious this time, and I mean nobody got hurt, so that's good.

I was going to ask if she wanted to do something again another day, but as soon as I opened my mouth, she kind of blurted out "When do you get home? I could come round again." I must have looked pretty startled, because her eyes immediately opened wide and she fumbled a bit and said "Or, I mean, if you don't... uh... we... we could-"

I kissed her again and said "7 o'clock". She giggled a little and we wandered off our separate ways.