Renby had been hiking lost in the woods surrounding the town of Erie for around two hours. and to the little boy things were beginning to look bleak. The poor boy was cold his feet wet  He would never have wandered into the woods alone his parents always urged him to stay close to the village  but just this once Renby had to give himself an exception. Renbys cat Moon had ran away and no one else would be willing to look for him. 
	Renby eventually found himself at a clearing. a very ornamentally decorated hut  stood in front of him. being the naive brave little man he was he decide he should see if anyone was home. He walked up to the door and knocked in the sing songy knock his family was accustomed to, and what opened the door he had never seen the likes of before, Before Renby stood creature that must have been at least 7 feet tall it had golden scaled skin,reptilian eyes and a mouth full of razor sharp teeth,  on the top and back of its chin down its jaw and on its chin was a sort of hair and beard made of tendrils. its clothes however raised suspicion in Renby as the initial shock of seeing such an outlandish mug he came to find that this creature happened to be wearing the habit of a monk, Hello. said the creature. their was a clear unease in the air neither Renby or the creature knew what to say.
  You have nothing to fear young Mr Atlwood, came a familiar voice. Standing behind Renby on a tree branch was the Elven Hermit Kelloric. Kelloric was well known in Erie as a healer and counselor to the lord of the town. He often carved little dolls and charms for the children in fact Renby had a little token in his back pocket
 I see you have met my associate. His name Gunal he is Dragonborn Gunal bowed to the boy a pleasure. the boy bowed back feeling much less tense now. just then a spark of realization glinted in Kellorics eyes Master Gunal I believe the boy is missing his friend would you be so kind to fetch him. Gunal entered his hut for a moment then re emerged with the confused Moon in his hands. What are the odds of this kid? chuckled the Dragonborn monk. Mr. Kelloric sir? said Renby Im afraid its getting dark and my parents are going to be angry if i'm not back soon  well your in luck my boy, Me and Mr. Gunal have an appointment in Erie this evening. give us some time to prepare and well be ready soon. Itd be best if you waited outside for a moment
Inside Gunals hut Kelloric seizes Gunals shoulder Do we really have to meet with these wanderers from Minaret Kelloric? said Gunal I do not believe it necessary to seek out any form of assistance in this matter weve dealt with things like this before why not know?
  I know not what drives the beasts of these woods to such rage nor have i felt any force like this before the boy is lucky i found him when i did, or he would have surely perished.
Yes but I do-
Enough!, we shall take the boy to Erie and await the white one and his associates as agreed

to be continued...

This is prologue short story for a D&D campaign I am going to start running with my friends.