The name on the marker had long since worn away, which mattered not, for I had been there a hundred times before. Thats the problem with the flat onesthe small, generic slabs that only fools are giventhe name wears away. Its not from the weather or anything like that, its from people walking on it; its from people walking on your grave.  
The sun dropped behind a patch of trees on my right, and a grin dawned upon my face. It was on Its way, which was why I was there; I was not there to see my grave. I reached into my dirty coat and brought out an old, dented flask and a nearly empty pill bottle. After shaking the last few capsules into my mouth, I turned the flask up, dumping cheap liquor into my rotting mouth. I waited patiently for it to pool in the back of my throat before swallowing it in a single, burning gulp. Behind me, the moon began its steady climb into the night sky. I turned to face it, hoping to find former hints of myself lingering on the surface, or hidden in its craters, but found nothing but moon. Just a rock, I thought stupidly to myself.  
A tree limb snapped. I spun on my heals, eagerly anticipating Its arrival. A light breeze blew through tree branches, pulling dead leaves from their perch, besides which nothing stirred. Disappointed, I stared down at my grave, shaking the empty flask and listening to the last few drops patter around inside it. Another twig snapped, followed by a soft rustling. It descended.  
I was not always like this. I was a good man, once. I had a family and a job and a house and a car and a dog. The works. Now, because of my sins, I was rotting flesh pulled tight over a brittle skeleton. Like a zombie, I thought. Im a goddamn zombie.  
The being which towered over me was also rotting flesh, but of a different variety. Where as I loathed my vile body, It enjoyed the festering stench of Its decay. The incubus wore a tattered robe, drug across the bones of a thousand bodies, and it stank of death. With a twist of its skeletal fingers, the robe fell to the ground and before Its naked form, I bowed.  
My lord, I said.  
Getup  
I gazed into its deeply pitted eyes. I have brought them. They are in the charnel house.  
Are they pure?  
Probably not, I said. In fact, I know one of them definitely isnt. I remember her from my past life. She was actually my business partners  
Enough. The demon drifted away, gliding over the graves of the dead, eager to pleasure himself with the flesh of the women imprisoned inside the charnel house.  
Ahem!  
It paused.  
And my reward, I asked.  
The demon nodded. A gray mist drifted over the cemetery, pooling around my feet and ankles. Slowly, the fog crept up and into my foul flesh, encompassing me in a wet, warm cocoon from which I emerged reborn. Skin no longer hung in clumps from my body. Hair, thick and brown, grew from my scalp. Bones hardened and my back straightened. I was a man again, tall and strong. The remaining mist dissolved as I stepped through it, walking towards the gate. From the bone house, began the screams. The incubus would be taking Its first victim by now, a matter which concerned me not. Their lives were a small price to pay to keep my soul from Hell, and walking the earth for eternity.  
But I was a good man, once.