The Folly of Man

	I dont know why I even bother trying anymore. I have finally accepted the fact that I am stuck. I have seen countless wars, and know just about everything there is to know about human history. I can explain all of Julius Caesars battle tactics and politics, and I know ancient military strategy better than Sun Tzu. Christopher Columbus himself doesnt know anything about exploring and sailing when compared to me. Ive seen all the great battles of World War Two, Vietnam, Korea, and any other war you can think of. I can rattle off trivia of all the United States presidents without any effort, and understand American economics better than Rockefeller. Things have been this way for countless years. I wish I could pursue other things, such as sports or cooking, but alas, I am stuck. Anything would be better than where I am now. They tell you a long life is a happy one, but I disagree, I am nothing but miserable. 

I helplessly watch my loved ones come and go. They are in my life for a brief moment, and then they vanish, almost seeming like they will never come back. My grandchildren beg me to move on, they tell me to just bite the bullet and take care of things. They dont understand, even though they are growing so fast, they will never understand my frustration. My children plead with me,  Dad, we can take care of it if you want us to, just tell us what you want. They call me a stubborn old bastard, and I have to agree with them, there are some thing that you just cant replace. Lights flicker and dance as I sit by helplessly, everything changes so fast nowadays. I am stuck. 

My wife tried in vain to make things right, but eventually the years caught up with her and she passed away. She always tried her hardest to make sure my life was a comfortable one, but ultimately failed in doing so. I do not miss her, as ive experience this pain too many times before. 
I havent seen my friends in such a long time, theyve all moved on without me. I suppose they all have lives of their own to live, those that are still alive anyway. I dont even get the courtesy of a phone call from time to time. Yet, I do not miss them as I naturally feel I should, I am too accustomed to losing those closest to me. 

I must admit, regardless of my situation, I am quite physically comfortable. I rest easily on a very comfortable cushion, and find warmth in an old quilt my late wife made for me. I have a door to my left where people come and go into and out of my life. There is only one window in my room, and it is surrounded by a wooden box that is covered with switches. This window is my only escape, but it is also my prison and tormentor. This window is the source of my distress, and anguish. It used to provide me with inexhaustible joy and excitement. I could explore everything and anything, but now it teases me with the same damn annoyance over and over.  I still watch it even as it tortures me, after all, it is my only way out. 

I see no reason for things to go on as they are, but no matter how hard I try, the result never changes. I press down on the large red button repeatedly, yet no release comes. I feel like an animal snagged in a hunters trap, the more I struggle to liberate myself from this hellish reality, the more I realize that I am never going to taste the sweet fruit of blissful freedom. I am as stuck as a mouse in a mouse trap, or as a fish webbed in a fishermans net. 
Im sure almost everyone contemplates about doing what ive tried to do so many times. So many people have others do it for them, and for some select few the solution finds them. It seems like such an easy thing to do, just a brief moment of discomfort and all the pain is gone. I spend a lot of my supposedly unlimited time attempting to find an easier answer to this problem, but I have yet to discover one. I find myself envious of the people who linger on lesser problems; people who arent engulfed in despair as someone as myself. If only I hadnt been cursed with being stuck. 

Most days I stay in the same spot, sitting and staring at a flawed distraction. Other days I read the obituaries like anyone else would read a guest book at a wedding; its full of people I know. Sometimes I wish I could join them, but I realize the impossibility and denseness of my wish.  Frustration weighs upon me like the world on Atlass shoulders. 
Time moves slowly for me. There are no such things as minutes, hours, days, weeks, years. Everything feels like one big day. No matter how many times the sun and moon sets, my torment still lingers like a scar after cutting yourself. The lights are still as bright as they were the day my curse began. 

My sanity has hit an all time low. My limit has been reached and I cannot stand it any longer. This wretched curse has to be eliminated once and for all. I pick up my phone and dial the number I had written on a piece of old newspaper. I shamefully made the call, my stubbornness defeated at long last by utter desperation. After being stuck on one channel for such an abysmally long time, I succumb to the pleas of my sanity. I really need to get the damn television fixed. 
