Zee, a young simple farmer keeps his own counsel, newly wed with a young babe. The crops have been good the last few years, but the omens for this season have been dark.

Muza the mayor has been looking for blood and money, ever since the new railway is coming through  town. First he bought from those that would sell, then he terrorised those that wouldn't.

Zee is the last farm left, and Muza can almost taste his prize. Zee took his chances, his pride drowning out the pleas of his wife. 

Toko and Dario, the meanest henchmen for miles flank Muza when he finally arrives at the farm. He knows Zee won't sell, he even was hoping for it. Zee let's his shotgun ring out, but he is a no good shot, that or he doesn't have the guts to plug them. He didn't know what was coming, and before he knows it he is out of bullets. 

Toko wastes no time with a beating that leaves Zee unable to walk while 
Dario brings out his wife and kid, waving the golden deed to the land in his hands. First the farm burns to the ground, and Muza licks his lips before snapping the little ones neck. Toko and Dario laugh at the cries of the young bride, while they have their way with her before Muza blows her brains out all over Zee. Unable to move, a whimpering witness to the evil. They break his hands, ribs and legs blinded by his blood, everything goes dark.

He awakens weeks later in a teepee, thanks to an old shaman, last survivor of a long forgotten tribe. Damned from death, Zee is reborn from a coma back into hell. If he could he would end his life himself. His hands heal, and his ribs, and the cold festering of revenge builds like the snows of winter gather, Zees rage grows. More than death, Muza must suffer. 

The shamans hatchets are deadly and Zee is as quick with them as a viper. But he must travel far and wide for weapons to take on Muzas boys. At the end of the world he finds the gunseller, and for a bargain he gains himself some of the last remaining six shooters. 

Zee learns to shoot. Anger and a fire of endless zeal to right the wrong. And like death from the grave, his wrath is all consuming. 

The fight is bloody. Toko is Zees first target, and after hacking off his hands and feet, he leaves him be. He might live, Zee hopes so.  Dario is burried alive in ant hill, begging for a swift death, which he doesn't get.

Zees unquenchable thirst for revenge grows stronger every moment. Twenty of Muzas guards go down before he gets a scratch, and he hardly feels the bullet in his shoulder while his rage endures. 

Face to face Zee and Muza square off. A final duel to end the pain.  Shots fire and both are quick. Muza inflames Zee further, with taunts of his dead wife. Dropping his six shooter Zee let's a hatchet fly, catching Muza in the chest. He approaches slow and giving the hatchet a twist goes to work.