(this is my first story on here...i don't know if i've done it right, so sorry if it's in the wrong place or something) 


I hope she brings me another girl soon. Im bored of the girls I have, maybe this new one will be my favourite. Ysee I dont really have a type, I mean I wish they would be blonde, but it doesnt really matter, they wont keep their hair for long. I usually cut it all straight away, I either cut it all off and leave them bald, or cut it to make sure it is uneven. I think I know exactly what I will do with this new girl, I will cut all her hair off, take off all her pretty clothes (they all need to have pretty clothes) and leave her in the corner for a while, maybe I will feed her, maybe I wont. I dont know yet. I will make the others watch. They will watch me cut her hair off and take off all her pretty clothes and then let them do with her what they want. Or maybe she will become my favourite. If she does become my favourite I will be able to get rid of the one I have. She doesnt do much and is boring me, she is currently all cosy in bed, I can see her from where I am and Im bored of her. This new girl though, maybe Ill let her keep her clothes, then she can choose from the wardrobe I have if she wants to change. The girl I have now doesnt change often unless I make her. If it was up to her she would have stayed in the same clothes that she was brought to me wearing.

I want to have more girls than anyone has ever had.

Im sure she will bring me a girl soon. Its my birthday soon and that is all I have asked for. A new girl. Blonde. The other girls, they didnt bleed much. Maybe thats my fault though, I didnt try hard enough. The new girl though, Ill make sure she bleeds. The girls I had before are piled in the corner, their lifeless bodies, shining in the light of my room, their glazed over eyes permanently open. Their bald heads are quite funny to look at when you think about it. They came to me perfect, as if they had been chosen only for me. I know she chose them for me. But its as if they were made for me. Their heads look as if the hair is starting to grow back, little tufts of it sprouting from their heads. It is funny. She doesnt think its funny, she thinks its a waste, seeing as I dont do anything with their hair after I cut it. I tried gluing it onto another girl, but she didnt like that and it was too much effort. I asked her to find out the largest number of girls anyone has ever had. She didnt tell me. I currently have 23. Well I had 23, I now have only 18, I had to get rid of 4 of them because I had ruined them. I have to try and not do that again she said. I tried to hide the fact that I was getting rid of them, but she found them in the bin and told me that it wasnt a good way to get rid of them. She got rid of them properly, I dont know how she did it, I should probably ask her so that next time I need to get rid of one of my girls I know how to do it properly.

I will have more girls than anyone has ever had.

I think I am too excited to get this new girl. If she doesnt get me one I will take it out on one of the girls I have. After all it is probably their fault. She will say I have too many of them already. So I will get rid of one. I will take her arms off. I will take her legs off. I will make it so that she is no good to anyone. The other girls will see this and hope that the next time I ask for a new girl, I get one. They already work so hard to keep me happy. But nothing can keep my boredom away for too long. Not even them. Its my birthday tomorrow, I hope I get a new girl.

I got her. I got a new girl. She came perfect! She has long, blonde hair and pretty clothes, exactly what I asked for. All wrapped up in plastic, in a nice little box.

Thanks mum I said.

Did you get me any red food colouring? I asked hopefully. If she didnt this girl would never bleed.

Yes, Darling, the food colouring is in the cupboard, although I dont know why you need it, do you want to bake some cupcakes later? and then as if on cue she said please dont cut Barbies hair off this time, they cost me a lot of money and I know you want to have more Barbies than any of your friends, but I wont keep buying them if you carry on ruining them all.

Promise mum, I think she is my new favourite.