                              Protected By Blood

Diamond sat on the edge of the couch biting her nails in anticipation for Maury Povich to relay the results to a young pretty girl, no older than eighteen. There were two men alleged to be an adorable little girls father. Diamond began to study the men features and the little girl to predict the paternity test results before Maury could break the news. 
I think its that light skinned niggas baby, cause they got the same nose and chin, Diamond spoke to the television as she listened to Maury recite his famous words. 
When it comes to Fatimas 8 month old daughter, Destiny Levin, Tyrone you are not the father. 
Those words didnt even faze the young girl, even after the tall black guy, resembling Soulja Boi, did three back flips and then ran through the audience. 
 I know you wasnt the father anyway, the little girl to pretty for you, Diamond whispered, focusing her undivided attention towards the giant 46 flat screen. 
	 Diamonds hands gripped the arm rests of the plush cushioned sofa, as she scooted closer to listen for the results. Her ears were perked with high intensity awaiting Maury to declare the results of the second alleged father.
.	When it comes to 8 month old Destiny Levin you are. not the father.
	The crowd went crazy and so did Fatima who fell all over the stage crying and shouting at Maury that the test couldnt be true. Soon Diamond followed suit throwing a pillow from the sofa at the television. 
Maury I swear that test is full of shit, thats that nigga baby! Diamond shouted just as mad as the girl who would have to raise the baby by herself, all because of her bad decisions. 
Fuck you so mad about? The little bitch a hoe! Thats the results you get when you fuck millions of muthafuckers without a condom. Hopefully, you learn from it. His voice bombed from behind her snapping her out her thoughts. 
Shut up Cory, you always got some foul shit to say, She said as she hopped off the sofa and followed her older brother into the kitchen. 
Whatever Diamond, because you know them girls, well majority of them always trying to trap muthafuckers. Then, when she finds out the baby not his or theres, she want to act a fool like the world coming to an end. Fuck all that she was a hoe, he shook his head in disgust and grabbed the orange juice out of the refrigerator. 
What if I was one of them girls on Maury, Cory?
This stopped Cory from taking a swig of the O.J. to look at his little sister quizzically. Diamond you pregnant? He asked coldly.  
Diamond stepped back slowly, distancing herself, before bursting into laughter. 
What you laughing for? 
Because you see your face right now? Thats why
 So, you not pregnant? He asked still stone faced. He found nothing funny about having this conversation so early in the morning.  Speak! Are you pregnant or not?
No silly, Im not prego! Besides, Im too young for any children. Diamond reassured Cory which took the tension off his face.
So, why are you always talking shit?
Because I just wanted to see what you was going to say, she giggled grabbing two cleaned glasses from the light oak kitchen cabinets. You are so crazy, she added tugging the Orange juice from his gripped hand and poured a glass for the both of them. 
Dont you have school today or something?
 Yeah, why?
Because, I want to go down there with you so I can curse them professors out for wasting my hard earned money.
Ha, ha, ha, Diamond rolled her eyes. Arent you just the little comedian, Cory.
Well, I think your losing all your senses if you think for one minute imma let you embarrass yourself on national TV looking for a broke nigga to take care of you or any child. He exhaled with anguish, Ive been here this long holding it down and I will not stop until I close my eyes.
Misty eyed, she drove her head into her palms feeling nothing but light wet puddles, I know bro thats why I love you.
Cory grabbed her hands and playfully slapped them onto her face, Come on Dee-Dee with that emotional shit.
She closed the gap and reached up to hug him tight.
Youre such a mush mush, sis, he hopped back to avoid the embrace. 
Bear I cant get a hug? she asked wrapping her arms around his chubby midsection.
Eventually, he stopped protesting and gave her the biggest bear hug he could muster up. Diamond was his everything. She was his only sibling, as far as he was concerned. They both began to think back to when they were kids living in Poughkeepsie, eleven years ago.
                                                                                           


She felt the rhythm of her pulse in the back of her throat and underneath the grasp of her hands, crushing into her thighs. His breathe reeked of tobacco, Jack Daniels, and fear. 
Daddy Please, Please no I dont want to do that please, She screamed at the top of her lungs, as the two hundred and thirty pound Hulk dragged her eight year-old bones into his room.
You better shut your ass up with all that noise before I make it worse than before, Her father barked as he flipped her over the edge of the bed.  
She grabbed at the sheets while squirming up the bed. She punched, kicked, and wrestled to get her attacker off of her. Unsuccessful her clothes began plummeting to the floor. Cory sat in his room listening to the frightening screams of his baby sister.  The sweat trickling down his forehead and chest brought chills to his body. What could he do? He thought. He fought the tears from his eyes as he felt weak and cowardly. Abuse became a common ritual ever since their mother died of a heroin overdose. 
	Feeling overwhelmed, Cory broke down and wept thinking about his mothers voice traveling through him like a kindred spirit. Speaking words ever so faintly. He could still hear her saying, Cory no matter what son, take care of your sister because unlike you father you are going to be a good man one day.
Crying uncontrollable, Cory questioned the imaginary voice of his mom.  Mom, how can I do that when hes much bigger than I am? I am only fourteen. As the thumping from the adjacent wall distracted his thoughts the TV fell over shattering and breaking from the thrashing and beating that repeatedly hit the wall. 
Great, now my TV is broke, I hate him, he said, frustrated and angry.  He walked over to his TV and noticed a shiny black object, Thank you mom. Then, he made his way to his sister.
                                                                
Diamond squirmed beneath Robertss legs as she tried to free herself as he pulled down his pant.
Stop moving you little bitch! Robert yelled, tugging her shoulder length hair.
No, leave me alone daddy please!
Okay, little bitch I tried to be nice, Robert growled as his massive hands planted across her face dazing her instantly. She collapse hitting her head on to the dark wooden head board. Now thats a good girl, he whispered into her ear seductively as he stabilized his daughter. 
Robert positioned himself to penetrate her young body, but was instantaneously stopped by Corys voice. Get off my sister!  Cory leap from behind the cracked door of the room and moved close to the messy bed. 
Boy if you dont get the hell out of here before I beat your ass! 
No! You better get the fuck off Dee-Dee before I kill you. 
Shaking his head and adjusting his penis back into his pants Robert position himself off of the bed. He ignored Corys threat, only to turn around to face him holding a .357 Snub Nose in his sweaty hands. It was the same gun Mary left behind the TV in Corys room.  
 Ive been looking for that goddamn piece for almost two years, Robert held his hand out like a homeless man asking for change. Undermining Corys threat, Robert inched closer. 
Stay back, I swear I will kill you! Cory voice cracked. His hands were shaken and arms were tight from holding the gun up so long. 
Boy, you dont want to really shoot your old man, now give me the gun. And, I might think about not beating your ass, okay lil nigga, he moved closer. 
No matter what take care of your sister, Cory heard his mothers voice again.  
Cory jumped creating space between him and his father. His hands trembled, as he choked on the words of his mother. Backing up, the lamp crashed on the hard wood floor causing the room to dim instantly. Hyperventilating rapidly from the room spinning, all he could see is sparklers dots. Blindly, he hear her fainted weeps causing his heart to beat out his chest uncontrollably. Finally coming into focus,he comes faced to face with his attackers.
Look at you, you are a pussy. Give me the gun! he grab forward. 
Boom! Boom! Boom! The gun let off a sound as if someone had hit a steal garbage can. 
Closing his eyes, the many missiles penetrated Roberts arm, stomach and leg. Robert crashes into the floors hard wooden exterior. 
You shot me Muthafucker! 
Cory stunned, he ran to the bed putting the scattered sheets around Diamonds naked body. Come on Dee-Dee get up we got to go!
Cory, where are we going? 
I dont know. You just got to get some clothes on and meet me down stairs right now! 
	Diamond tumbled out the room over her father in a hurry as Cory had ordered. Cory focused on the rapist and abusive man that fathered him begging for his life. 
Come on son, Im sorry, you know Ive been going through a lot since you momma died, he stuttered, choking on blood, Son I need help please, please dont kill me I will change. I swear on your mother I will change. Please give your old man a chance. 
Cory stood over his defenseless father with the .357 pistol. Hyperventilating, Cory screamed with tears flooding down his face. He heard his mothers voice speaking to him again, Unlike your father you are going to be a good man one day. Cory pulled the trigger uncontrollably releasing the last bullet that would rid them of their evil father for good.  
Fuck You! Cory spat before rushing out the room where he ran into a wide eyed Diamond. 
You killed him? Diamond eyes bulged out her head in disbelief.
I had to Dee-Dee, you know what he was doing to you was wrong right? Diamond shook her head up and down indicating she understood. Since you understand Dee-Dee, go out to the porch and wait for me. 
Im scared, Bear
Me too, now go down stairs. 
	Cory ran to the kitchen quickly grabbing all the cheap liquor kept in the wooden cabinets and placed in on a black card table with one leg missing. He ran upstairs to where his lifeless father laid wide eyed. Cory turned his head and closed his fathers eyes. He stepped back slightly from the corps and reached into the pockets where he found a large wad of money and matches. He poured the liquor all over the dead body and the dismantled room. He looked at the man and made a vow that he would never be anything like him. Then, Cory lit a match and threw it on top of the bed. He stood for a moment to watch the fire blaze and wept. 
	Once outside, Cory grabbed Diamond by the hand. Come on we have to get out of here. He pulled his sister who hesitantly looked back at her house only to see the room that she been getting raped for six months in flames. She stared in astonishment as Cory tugged her up the street.  Diamond felt bad for her father because at one point in time she loved him and considered him her hero. But, she knew those days ended a long time ago.  
She whispered a silent prayer and she ripped herself from Corys hands. She walked up the street gladly following wherever her older brother might lead her. They walked in silence until they made it to the Metro North a mile and a half from there former home. 
Bear, where are we going?  Im hungry.
Cory didnt respond. He honestly didnt know. What he did know was the two of them had to leave Poughkeepsie and fast. 
New York City. he blurted out. 
Diamond looked up curiously, Who we know in New York City? 
Are you hungry? Cory asked changing the subject to a question he could answer. 
Yeah.
So lets find you something to eat, They made a B-line towards a gas station on the opposite end of the street.  
Cory brought each of them turkey sandwiches and they sat on the hard metal seats waiting for the train to arrive. Diamond ate her food while Cory picked over. In deep thought, he wondered what could he do? Where should he go?  Seeing the stress and fear on his face Diamond bumped him a little, Thank you Bear.
For what?
Saving me from daddy, she whispered. 
Cory took a deep breathe, Dee-Dee, I love you. And, matter what, Im always going to protect you so dont thank me, because thats what Im supposed to do for my little sis, okay?
Okay Bear, she said, hugging him tightly. Cory couldnt help but cry from all the emotion because he knew after tonight, he would have to man up and take care of his sister by himself. He would always remember his mother saying, God will guide all that believes in him.
Bear I cant get no hugs? Diamond questioned and without any words he wrapped his arms around her until the train arrived. 
					To be continued.. 
