A Good Day

"Problem" Laz said as a slither of smoke escalated from the bong in front of him. "Yup, pretty soon you'll be snorting meth in some alley somewhere" - Laz knew you dont snort meth, he also knew he would never do meth, but he also knew Reed could always be counted on for a sarcastic, hyperbolic exaggeration of how high he liked to get. Reed was one of those kids who you wouldn't call a stoner, but he still liked toke whenever his parents werent home - which was rare, but Laz was there any and every time it happened. Thats how it works in any small town high school, Laz thought - there are the try hards and the cool kids, the cool kids liked to get high. It was obvious to Laz that any sort of progressive social action at all happened out side of school and usually, in Laz's garage - seperated from his Moms house by a pleasant patio. The mossy bricks surrounding his fire pit were nostalgic to Laz, legendary in a way measured by the amount of blunt ash, spilt beer and pleasant pubescent kisses experienced in those white plastic chairs. Usually the patio was a big enough buffer to keep Laz's mom out of his smoking lounge, but a rare need for the extra cans of wall paint brought her upon his expansive garage glass collection today. It wasnt the first time he got caught, Laz knew this day would come again, and was prepared - nothing his mom said could shake him after her discovery. Laz wasnt a criminal, he wasnt dealing or doing hard drugs, he reasoned, and so Laz was getting high at Reeds house tonight. 

Laz was getting really high at Reeds house tonight, after the count of packed bowls was lost Reeds screened in porch seemed saturated with the fine ganja that Laz always kept on hand. Laz took great pride in always having the best weed, and tonight his brain was medicated by a blend of thc desperately needed to balance his stressful high school day. Could he keep his pieces in the garage any more, would she smash them? Is she smashing then right now? "No, i just need to chill", Laz though, thats what the rasta life was all about - being happy within your own mind. Thats the difference between him and those scrawney, hopeless losers that riddled his town - they are going home after trying sooo hard to suck up to some deadend, aging teacher in school and spending a sad, lonely night with netflix - dreaming about the life that Laz lived. They had never eaten a piece of pizza high before, they had never truely had a good day- which was certainly a day of getting brain numbingly high. Laz didnt always smoke, but before smoking there was chewing tobacco, and before that was club penguin, and before that cops and robbers and pirate games. Just having a good feeling inside was the key to confidence, fuck what anyone else thought.  Carpe Diem, he liked to say to himself as he sparked his morning bowls. "My brother has a surprise for us" "What" Laz said as his brain struggled to crawl out of his own mind to the words being spoken by Reed. If he had a dollar for every time he had said "what" in a stoned slumber, Laz chuckled - that number would be a great measure of what an awesome stoner he was.

It wasnt long before The surprise walked in bagged in the hand of Reeds older brother - laz thought he was three years older , maybe two - but he had drank with him before, he thought. But he definately knew Laz "ohh whats good bro" Laz said as he confidently dapped up Reeds brother with the same confident smile that he knew worked on boys and girls. Bro was a great substitute when you had no recollection of a name. After a brief conversation Laz knew his charm had made a follower out of Reeds brother - he recieved an instagram follow that he would not return and complements on dope pictures that just added to the chip on Laz's shoulder. Laz was good at keeping his cool, he could handle his shit and he was already high, but he couldnt stop thinking about how superbly high he could get with whatever dank weed was surely the surprise that would unquestionably be provided by Laz's new "bro." But immediately as the flat plastic bag was raised in front of his face the small white tabs contained called out to Laz, this night would be legendary. 

It was about 45 minutes, Laz knew now, "45 minutes and ill be straight trippin" Laz thought back to that first time, everytime was like the first time, even better with stronger acid and two tabs. And so Laz put the tabs on his tongue and put on his golden collection of music - unrivaled in his eyes - and drifted off. Was this the 20th time? He had lost count at around 5 trips, but acid was such a wonderful drug. An elite few got as high as Laz got, few knew how close Laz had been to comprehending the secrets of the universe. Laz never felt better, never had better ideas for smokespots, he never had such progressive night in Call of Duty never had better musical discoveries, never rolled better blunts than when he was on acid.

Now thinking back, Reed always thought of Laz as the King of Mount Everett High. Reed was always jealous of his popularity, of his charm, of his confidence backed by a seemingly unshakable sense of achievement. Even now as Reed wrote for his college newspaper he thought of what a fag Laz would think he was. His smokey snapchats showing the kind of night Reed wished he was having. But he kept typing as Laz sat hundreds of miles away, alone in his garage, a few roaches and half a blunt burning burning on the table. Putting his feet up and dropping his phone after he captured another legendary snapchat, Laz applauded himself for being such a good social networker and looked out the window through the haze, out to the clear sky where countless clear stars shone brightly with purpose in the Autumn sky, it was a good day.