Tevok Muskadine stood in front of the Blue Fort.

"She's still a fine castle" he said, gazing into distant brown hills.

"She's no castle" retorted Remort Muskadine, his elder brother.

"Daddy may I go play with the lumpa-loomp?" his daughter interrupted. At 9 years old, Firina got tired of seeing her father and uncle, severe men wearing well oiled hunting leathers and sporting massive broadswords as if they were some dwarven warrior, talking about war, conquering, families, triumph. Never failure.

Firina ran off down the grass hill. 

"She's no castle" Remort reported.

"A Fort by the standards of Daria but not by my heart" laughed Tevok, his voice breaking into a dry cough. Taking a drag off his pipe, a gift from a moonelf in the early days, he watched as his smoke wafted towards the Barkgan controlled foothills.

"You think they about to attack eh?" Trevok shouted as if at some invisible enemy was the moat. Firina's laugh cut the tension. For a moment they could enjoy the hill, the simple pleasure of wind across tall grass, the groundhog running across a patch of wildflowers.

"I think they're attacking us in our minds at all times brother" Remort repeated for a millionth time.

"You say that to each other all day, every day!" Firina giggled.

Just then, mother came out of the castle.

"May I have a word with you Tevok?", she said.

He grunted and complied. He was her favorite after all. 

Inside, Tevok bowed and kissed his mom's foot. 

"All is well Tevok."

"All is well that ends well mother"

Over tea, they discussed past wars.

"This one is different", Tevok said.

Remort ate a tort nearby. 

"Pear tort" he said with almost animal like pleasure on his tongue.

"Oh Remort", cried mother. "You're always eating the pear tort, and you know how -- "

Before she could finish her thought, Bort, from the horrible Barkgans broke down the door.

"This is not routine" retored Remort. "Unforch--"

Before the slice of pear tort could be chewed, Bort threw a Dwarven stileto at his throat. 

"Remort!" cried Tevok. "Mother I.."

As he turned around, he saw an unfamiliar green glow in mother's eyes. The same as in Bort's! "Mein gott" he thought.

"We are of the same sort" reported Bort. "Now, eat the pear tort."

"I much prefer an apple tort" retorted Tevok. "You killed my brother Remort, he so loved the tort!" he cried.

"Abort abort abort" yelled Firina. "We're all headed for mort! The death shall come if we don't come together to eat this tort. The prohecccccyyyyyyy shallll bee fullfillleledd" she hissed as black ooze exited her upper orifices.

"Eat the damn tort, Tevok!" cried the imposter mother.

"You aren't real, you never were, your love was fake" Tevok cried.

"You are no Remort but eat the tort!" all cried.

Just that second, the world began to crack apart, like an egg cracking to find the outside a hollow black void.

"If you eat the pear tort, our lives won't be short, and you may bring back Remort" pleaded Bort. 

"You have but a second dad" cried Firina, a demon from another dimension to Tevok's eyes.

"NOW!!!!!" yelled his mom.

"I would, in retort, would love to eat the pear tort, but I much prefer apple, you see, and therefore, I shall" -- right as he spoke, the universe blinked out of existence. After a few silent seconds, it was as if everything came back to normal. For a microsecond, before the universe disappeared one last violent time. In less time than imagine by a human, every bit of matter tore away from itself.

No one knows what exists or where. But some bacteria somewhere is replicating and life should begin again soon. But if they could talk they'd tell you, throughout the empty space left in our universe, if you listen quietly, you may hear an echo, and it sounds an awful like: 

"I would, in retort, would love to eat the pear tort, but I much prefer apple"