Case 52 - Gjurd

^2015 ^- ^7:34pm. The sun had just begun to set. Despite the beautiful orange hue emanating through the pine forest in which a grand building sat, it had just begun to rain.

The rain spat heavily on Michael and Eleanor as the estate agent hurried them to the porch. The estate agent, Jessica Williams, pushed open heavy oak door. The trio stepped into the darkness of the house. 

So theres no electricity then? questioned Michael, as he peered down one of the long, dark corridors. His eyes darted between the walls mounted candles.

Well no replied Jessica, but there is something quite humbling about... living how we used to.
Michael turned his head; something had caught his eye at the end of the corridor. Well, I wouldnt know he replied humorously, while squinting into the darkness, his eyes searching for the object he thought he saw, yet finding himself lost in darkness, and darkness alone. He turned to face Jessica.

With a shallow smile, Jessica replied: Oh, well yes of course, Ill show you to the Living room.
With Jessica leading on, Eleanor and Michael exchanged a quick look of uncertainty, before stepping into the open room. A large rectangular object was wrapped up and propped against the wall. Eleanor approached the object, and ran her fingers over the top.
The previous tenants I presume? asked Eleanor, bearing a slight frown. The rent didnt include possessions. She stated, looking to Michael.

Yes, you are right. However it has been left and there have been no claims for it. Take a look at it if you wish, it is quite spectacular. Jessica said, gesturing at the sealed object.
Michael stepped over to the object, and with the nod of affirmation from Eleanor, they tore off the brown paper that it lay in. Taking several steps back, the couple stood in awe at what they had revealed. There in front of them stood a monumental mirror, as wide as Michael was tall and another foot or two in height.

This was just left here? Michael burst out, looking at his reflection, dumbfounded.

Mmhm! Jessica replied joyously. I hope youll be keeping it, it has been in this house for as far as I can remember, it would be a shame to see it go now...

Still looking at the extensive mirror, Michael asked Eleanor: What do you think? I think its RAD! He shot out, turning to face her.

Mmhm. I dunno... I wouldnt know where to put it... She paused, before continuing:You know, for the first few days well be arranging everything anyway, well find somewhere for it to go. She said, finally.

 Gesturing out to the hall, Jessica asked: Right, well I can happily show you around the rest of the place, if youd like

Oh, no its alright. Eleanor and I need to have a chat. He replied hastily, with good intention.

Sure, Ill be right outside if you need me. She said, folding up the papers in her hand and placing them under her arm, before leaving the room.

Mirrors great. Said Michael Another excuse for me to keep looking this good.

Oh please... Eleanor replied, rolling her eyes and laughing. The couple proceeded to walk out the room, and head towards the oak, spiralling stair case. Michael stood afoot the stairs, and gently stepped on it with one foot, releasing a mighty groan, one that seemed to emanate from within the floor itself. He turned to Eleanor, with a slight smile on his face, before proceeding to take another. He reached the top of the staircase before even glancing down at Eleanor. She stood there, frozen, looking into the living room. 

Els? Michael murmured. Eleanor? He repeated again, as she remained there, lifeless and stone-like. Eleanor! He bellowed, spluttering as he did so.

Y..Yes? She said, the words rolling out her mouth despite her not moving a muscle.

Is everything ok? Michael questioned, beginning to take slow steps towards her back down the staircase. What are y-

Stop. She uttered, sharply. 

Wha- Why? Are you ok? What going o-He stuttered.

Michael. Just... Stop... She said still glaring into the living room.

Michael had got far enough down the stairs to be able to peer into the room. Bending over, he was able to see what she was looking at, the large daunting mirror, that stood there. 

Well find somewhere to put it, dont you worry! Michael said humorously, before being cut short once more.

Michael. Eleanor said in a stiff tone, before carrying on, her voice quaking.

&nbsp;

Were not alone.

&nbsp;

^2015 ^- ^7:32pm. The house stood grand and majestic, yet lifeless amongst the tall pine trees. Deep reverberations bounced through the long corridors within.


He stood there, whimpering whilst clutching his hands around a small, pale red box. His bleary eyes, through the decrepit curtains, fixated down on the bodies trudging their way up towards the front door, towards him.

 Towards his house.


 He turned and faced what appeared to be an extensive wooden board, pushed into the corner, upon which several withered tools submissively hung.

An ambiguous object lay slumped just below, settled amongst an abysmal, viscous fluid. Standing before his trophy, he opens up the small red box. Staring down at the contents of the box, a wide smirk spread from one side of his head to the other, splitting his face in two. A sudden sound made him cower, dropping the box, and the ring inside it. He watched as the ring dropped, and proceeded to roll a few inches before dropping through a crack in the old wooden flooring.

So...-eres no... -city then?  Muffled a foreign voice from below. 

His face scrunched up. His fist clenched.  Violently he threw himself down, placing his eye against the hole, peering down into the dark room below. He made out the shimmer of the ring as it spun. Catching the light, it was like a star twinkling amongst a deep, open sky. 
Clambering back onto his feet, he turned slowly before violently bringing both hands flailing down upon his bloodied knees.

He began to itch at what was left of his singed, gashed arms as he hobbled anxiously over to the opposing corner and sat on the single piece of furniture in the room. An old wooden chair erratically stained in several patches deep brown. 

He placed his hands on his thighs, leant back into the chair, and at first looked down at the hole in the floor, and then up to the wall. Studying the wall, he ran his roughened fingers over his face, taking the time to follow the grooves of the several stitches that ran up and down his face, jagged and improvised, bloody yet sufficient.
Mine. He gargled. Forcing the words up, and out of his deteriorating throat.

