How the Adventures Began

	It was the eve of Joe Sullivans twelfth birthday, and he was fast asleep in his bed. You must understand that this was not a boy chosen for any outstanding trait or deed of his own. Joe Sullivan was not a particularly special boy. He was your normal, average American boy. And yet, this completely insignificant boy was chosen to live lifetimes of heroism. At least, it all felt so real that it could not have been anything else, right? 
	Anyways, the grandfather clock downstairs struck midnight, chiming out the hour in metallic peals that echoed through the house. Little Joe Sullivan was completely oblivious to this though, wrapped up in blankets and embraced by soft slumber. He would not have stirred until morning, had he not felt a coolness brush his shoulder
	Or was it warmth? A warm, and yet cool, hand gently pressing his shoulder, trying to wake him
	Joe rolled onto his stomach in his half-sleep, a stubborn child not wanting to wake up. He heaved a sigh, mumbling, Go away, through his pillow. It came out to be more like, Gawuuuuh
	Down, down, down, he felt it taking him, slipping back into sweet sleep, when
	Joe.
	It was the voice of his father. He didnt sound urgent, why was he even here? Its the middle of the night. 
	Gawwuuuh, Daaaa, Joe whined out of his pillow.
	Joseph, said his father, a bit more sternly but not unkindly.
	Was it his father? That voice sounded familiarhe thought. It sounded like a manmaybe? It definitely wasnt a voice to be fearedwell, probably not.
	Joe shoved these thoughts away, burrowing back into his pillow and refusing to let go of the last shreds of sleep.
	Joseph! Come here.
	That fathers voice was a shout this time, one that filled his head and surprised Joe so much that all he was aware of next was standing, bleary eyed and shaky next to his bed.
	He was in an empty room. His father was not here, in fact he was the only one in the room! That couldnt be, he knew he heard a voice, but these questions were forgotten as he paid more attention to his doorway. In front of him, the door leading into the hallway was faintly glowing, as if lit from behind by a bright, flickering light. That wasnt how it looked when the hall light was on. He stepped up to it, listening.
	Maybe Dad was messing with him, finally paying him back for the pranks he pulled on his family. He must be in the hall waving a flashlight to make that weird, dancing light. Dad, Mom, and Eliza were probably standing in the hall now, barely containing their laughs because they knew this must have shaken him. The only thing Joe couldnt figure out was how Dad moved so quiet and fast as to get out of the room without slamming the door, without him seeing
	Oh that doesnt matter, he thought, naw its gotta be them. Ill fix them, Ill turn this on them. 
	He went fast and silent back to his bed, digging his Halloween ghoul mask out from where he kept it. He slipped it on his face, trembling with excitement, and crept back to the door. He stood behind it, thinking theyll wonder where the heck he was when he opened it, theyd step inside and boy, then hed get them!
	Ooone
	Twooo
	Threeeee, aaaand
	WHOOSH! The door flew open from his hand, but thank goodness he was standing behind the door because a blinding light surged out from the doorway. He didnt understand, no way did Dad have a flashlight That big.
	Dad, cut it out! Thats friggin bright, Dad, cmooon, you got me, okay? Joe said, whimpering almost, that light was so powerful. 
	The light lessened a bit, becoming less of a blinding light and more of a warmth that he wished to bask in. That fathers voice rang out again, Alright Joseph, come out from behind the door.
	Was that Dad? What? Its gotta be.
	No! Turn off the friggin light, Dad, he whined again.
	The light became more of a glow. That is all, son. Come out and let me see you.
	Joe grumbled, Dangit Dad, so weird, but started to shift out from behind the door when the voice also said, And take off that mask, Joe. I know you have it on.
	Joe moodily slipped the mask up off his face and came round from behind the door. He dramatically squinted and shaded his eyes, just to make a point.
	But what he saw was not his father.
	In fact, for a moment Joe didnt see anything. When he came out from his failed hiding place, the light flared up to blinding him again. Only for a second, but Joe was left seeing stars, on his knees in the now soft light issuing from the doorway. 
	Joe rubbed the stars from his eyes and looked again, cautiously opening his eyelids, almost expecting another blast. He was not met with one, but nor was he met by anybody. There was not the face of his father, nor his mother, nor his little sister there was no one. He didnt even see the hallway. What he saw from out of his doorway was something totally different. He rubbed his eyes again, not because they hurt, but this time in disbelief of what he saw.
	Looking out from his doorway, Joe saw what he imagined the clouds must look like at sunrise. Not from the ground, everyone knows what that looks like. No, he saw what they looked like from the air. Hed been on a plane once before, but that was nothing compared to this. He wasnt peering out of a tiny plane window, no sir, he was there. Well, his feet were on the comfy carpet of his room but two big steps forward and hed be on a fluffy, golden-orange cloud, walking on air. He didnt want to test that yet, though. Besides, where did that voice come from?
	Joe, I am here, said that familiar, father-voice, as if it knew what he was thinking. It just might, that voice seemed to rumble through his head. Do not be afraid, I am here to tell you good news.
	Joe knew he should say something, but all he could do was rigidly stare out at the brilliant clouds, thinking, oh god, oh god, what is going on. He was able, however, to choke one thing out.
	Sure, ahem, umfreaky voice, dadthing. Shoot.
	He swore the clouds rippled a bit, as if that disembodied voice was connected to the clouds and it was laughing at him, or something. He felt his face get red, but all of a sudden he wasnt scared at all anymore. He began to feel quite calm when the voice murmured at him again. 
	My child, you havent done anything very wrong. For that matter, you havent done anything very right, either, but that is not important. This is not a punishment. I am here to give you a chance for a great experience. What you can gain cannot be measured, but is more valuable than any treasure you dream of, anything on this earth or elsewhere. Dreams are your key for unlocking more to this life. Men have sometimes tried to live through their dreams, neglecting life because it is hard. But you, perhaps, can live and learn in the nighttime hours so that you may live fuller in the daylight.
	The voice paused. Joe had become a bit braver, edging to the end of his carpet and peering out, looking for if that voice came from somewhere. The clouds darkened a bitthey seemed unhappy. 
	Joe cleared his throat and snapped back, apologizing, Im sorry, but I am paying attention. I just dont have a clue what youre talking about, Voice. I dont even know who you are! Am I even awake? This is impossible. 
	It seemed to help. The clouds looked happier again.
	I am here, as are you. Pinch yourself, you are not asleep.
	Okay, Voice, but what are you then? Where are we? Whats your name? You gotta name?
	The clouds took on a deep, mournful hue of red, as if they were sighing. 
	You have many questions, child, as all do. Most of the time, answers are not given for such great questions, but here are a few. I am who I am. We are in my house. And finally, I do have a name. I have many names. You can call me Shad, though.
	He wanted to slam his head on the door. Instead, she smacked his palm to his forehead.
	Are you kiddin me!? Were floatin in the clouds, your voice is IN MY HEAD, I cant even SEE you, and YOU, YOU want meto call YOU SHAD!?!
	Even darker
	Yes.
	He threw his hands up in the air, knocking the mask completely off his head. It tumbled out the door and he saw it disappear through the clouds.
	Okay then, Shaaad, he said exasperated, adding in like his Dad always did, you got it, bud.
	Be still.
	That voice was so firm, Joe sat right down on his rear as if smacked. He brought his legs crisscrossed and hugged his arms, tucking his chin to his chest, embarrassed for his frustration but still upset at this blasted bossy voice. Ohh, excuse me, blasted bossy Shad. 
	He knew he shouldnt be so difficult. This sort of thing doesnt happen to just anyone, but still. Why me?
	Because, Joe, I know your heart. I knew you before you were even a thought, and I want you and others like you to know me. I want you all to do more than just live. I want for you to live well. Look up, child.
	Reluctantly, slowly, Joe tilted his head back up and looked out the doorway once more. The view was more spectacular than ever. The clouds were rising up, beautiful puffs of rose-gold that seemed lifelike, like wings on the breeze. His whole body relaxed and he crawled to the doorway to get closer, reached out a hand to feelfeathers.
	He started, losing grip, hed leaned too far and now he was out of the door, falling, falling down ever further, but those golden wings, or clouds, or whatever they were never stopped, and not for an instant did Joe feel afraid.
	Joseph, things will happen to you in the future that you will not understand, and nor will anyone else. Things that cannot be explained. Know this: you are not alone. You can make it through it all if only you keep moving forward.
	Joe smiled as he fell, brushed by wisps of golden clouds, golden feathers, wrapped in a golden velvet voice, wrapped up in ablanket.
	He was wrapped in a blanket.
	His blanket, to be precise.
	Joe sat up in bed, blinking sleep from his eyes. Sleep? Or was it golden mist he was scraping from the corner of his eyes?
	The light was on. Well, actually there was daylight streaming through the window above his bed.
He rubbed his eyes again. Nope. Just the normal eye boogies.
He had been asleep. 
	Had he been asleep all night? The mask! Was the mask there?
	He leaped out of bed and began digging under it, everywhere, tearing everything out, and he couldnt find it. He couldnt find it! Theres no way that wasnt a dream, but there was no way it Was just a dream!
	He felt like jumping for joy, and he did. He leaped up on the bed, jumping and laughing like never before, laughing like a madman! But he wasnt crazy, he was just excited. He hopped off the bed to run and tell his family, when his door burst open and his mother walked in.
	What in the World, Joseph! First I find this in the hall, and just now I know you were jumping on the bed! I could hear it, dont argue! You know better than that, I wont tolerate such behavior, even for the birthday boy. Put this away now and come down for breakfast, dear. Ive made your favorite.
	She didnt seem to notice how far his face fell when she came inside. In her hands she held nothing other than his ghoul mask it hadnt fallen out of his room and down through an eternity of soft feather-clouds. It was just sitting outside his doorway.
	Dont forget to wash up before breakfast, sweetie, she handed him his mask, and be quick! It wont stay hot forever, and we wont wait forever! Mom said as she briskly exited and closed the door. 
	He sat on the corner of his bed and the mask slipped through his weak fingers, thumping to the floor. 
	Joe moped for a moment. He threw himself back on the bed and rolled around. He jumped off it and kicked the mask back under the bed, then stripped off his pajamas angrily, angry at his own stupidity for believing something, something so, so 
	The normal routine. Go to the bathroom, wash his face, throw on clean underpants, pull on his favorite Batman t-shirt, put on pants, and comb his short, black hair. Nothing unusual about this.
	He started to leave to go downstairs, trying to get in a good mood. After all, its still his birthday, right? You only turn twelve once, his dad said yesterday night.
	Might as well not let some stupid dream ruin His day.
	He opened the door but paused right before he left the doorway. He turned on one heel and looked back for the mask. It was there, just visible under the corner of his blanket.
	One small thing nagged him he never moved that mask. How did it get into the hallway?

...

Part 2 coming soon