The car came to a gradual stop before the quaint beach house. A young woman reluctantly opened the door, sneaking a sweet kiss to her handsome lover before exiting the BMW and walking to the front door, a slight sway in her hips. With a peek over her shoulder, she waved one last time before entering the house. Once inside, she melted over the gigantic leather armchair, next to a blazing fireplace. The flickering flames cast a soft glow over her petite face and wide smile. With a sigh, she pondered the flurry of events in her day.

Brian, her boyfriend, had surprised her in the morning with a pancake breakfast and bouquet of sunflowers. He insisted on taking her out for the day, whispering lightly to her, "Today is going to be  very special." This had perplexed Claire. They had been together for a little over a year, and had just become intimate with each other a month or so prior to this "special day". Despite her confusion over what could make another lazy, summer day in California so "special", Claire obliged, knowing that whatever they did together would be comfortable and fun. 

At the end of the day, after a blur of events including a beach picnic on the shores of Laguna and carnival rides on the Balboa pier, Brian knelt down outside of the elegant restaurant at which they had dined, pulled out a lovely velvet box, and asked Claire to be his wife. The ring was stunning, a Harry Winston with a breathtaking .7 carat diamond set in a diamond-clad, looping band. Claire, stunned by the proposal, stood frozen for seconds while Brian knelt expectantly at her feet. When she could finally speak, she uttered out a soft yes and was promptly swooped up by her new fiance and kissed in front of the growing crowd.

Now, warmed by the fire at her feet, Claire inspected the dazzling ring which now rested on its rightful place on her left hand. It was stunning; Brian had said that its dazzling beauty reminded him of her. The night had been perfect, Claire thought. But something deep inside her consciousness was distressing her. Suddenly hit by a wave of exhaustion, she made her way to the bathroom, and drew a hot bath with her favorite lavender bath salts. After plugging her phone into the surround sound speakers and turning on her favorite playlist, Claire sunk down into the massive whirlpool of water. 

Closing her eyes, she considered her current lifestyle. She lived comfortably, especially for a newly-graduated woman on her own. She worked for a low-scale publishing office just minutes away from her home, and though the pay was low, her wealthy parents funded the cost of her large beach home and appliances. Brian lived similarly, though his breakthrough career in law provided more than enough funds for his exorbitant lifestyle. Brian and Claire were virtually the perfect couple; both attractive, driven, and from the same type of family. Claire could see herself in 10 years, married and living comfortably with privileged, smart children. Still, the nagging in her brain wouldn't go away.

Sighing, Claire sat up in the tub, frustrated by her inability to relax and be happy. She stepped out, toweling off quickly before slipping on a comfortable terry-cloth robe and lounging on the queen-sized bed in her room. All of a sudden, a song came on. As a familiar haunting sound of the piano filled the room, Claire shot up.

 Seized with distress, she curled into a ball, suddenly haunted by her past. Visions of time spent in Orlando, Florida, where she grew up, hit her like a speeding train. The wild days of her youth flashed before her eyes as the music played on. Thomas, her boyfriend, nervously taking her hand at the senior prom, the first time he told her that he loved her. Walks on the beach at sunrise, because Thomas thought the light made her look like an angel. Her hands running through his shaggy hair as they made love for the first time under the stars. His eyes, aglow with passion, locked on hers as they danced recklessly, almost frantically, at a New Years party, almost as if they knew the next day would begin the worst year of their lives.

A week later, the incident happened. Claire's conservative parents walked in on the two lovers snuggled in Claire's bed after a night of passion. They had never approved of young Claire's affiliation with the carefree teenager, and this final push caused them to snap. After banning him from the house, they gave Claire an ultimatum: lose the boyfriend and move to California with her grandmother, or be cut off from their crucial financial support and subsequently disowned from the family.

 In the present, Claire saw images of Thomas, frantically begging to run away together through the window as Claire packs her bags, tears streaming down her cheeks. Her last glimpse of his handsome, distraught  face, disappearing in the rear view mirror on her way to the airport. Her silent promise as the plane takes off to never stop loving the boy who first stole her heart.

 She opened her eyes with a start, suddenly brought back to the present time. As the last few notes of their song trickled down to silence, Claire slipped off the now nauseatingly bright engagement ring and set it aside. With the burden of a lost love in her heart, she snuggled under the covers, and fell into a sad sleep, her pillow stained with tears.