If you asked me the reason why I finally made the decision to drop the bomb on New West Africa it wont warrant an easy answer. You see, the year of 5312 After Religion
was a tough year for the world. Most technology had been destroyed by the war and the remaining technology was the backbone of industrial-commerical giants. The Furby Home Security Enterprises had taken a sharp drop in stock value after reports of their sentries becoming "evil" and 
slaughtering several small children and family dogs. This opened the door for Ty Co. to bolster their hold in the bean industry. By this time, beans were very 
important. Not only had they become the only source of food in the world; they were a key component in plastic production, specifically the plastic used in the 
production of Mega Blocks brand DIY security walls.
Beans were being genetically altered for everything and walls were becoming popular at the time due to the failure
of personal home sentries but for good reason.

 Everyone needed a wall to keep out the Lego men. Lego had and most likely would continue to be THE ultimate authority in
the world. Everyone is familiar with Lego for their small and easily coupled building blocks and everyone is familiar with the toughness of
those little pieces. Well, something crazy happens when they are coated with a nano polish that not only networks together artificial intelligence, design 
specifications, and an indexing of required pieces or alternate pieces needed for repair which are stored inside of its microscopic "cells". You get what some would 
call a self repairing, self manufacturing, and self governing army of "robots" but its computing is done within the film polish on its surface.

 For the longest time
no one knew where they came from or how they were actually able to move but scientist eventually discovered that the nano-material allowed invisible flexible "joints" to 
form between the connecting pieces and through a complex method of shocking itself the nanobots can cause waves of flexing on the surface of each block resulting in a 
movement that would then rebound causing a follow up movement. These machines were smart enough to calculate not only the exact path of ionization on its surface
required but also calculate the rebounding motion accompanied and predict movement patterns. Not much else is understood but what we did know is that these robots had
settled in very nicely and wouldnt be going anywhere.

 Their agenda itself is complete anarchy. We didnt know who designed them or what their purpose was, according to Lego
but, we did know that they were unstoppable by any reasonable human efforts. The fall of the world began when the Lego men realized that Mega Blocks were not ideal but 
the closest thing to a 'redheaded step child' a Lego would ever encounter. It was upon this discovery that they began finding ways to coat peoples home security walls 
with this nano-film and leave these walls lying dormant until a large enough army could be accrued.

 Lego's biggest hurdle would be finding a way to assimilate the Mega 
Blocks into a useful design as their bulky and generic shapes were a bit difficult to work with when designing complex machinery but alas the Lego Man Army eventually 
realized that the solution to this was to just build bigger. A large block isn't so big when you are designing something a million times larger.

 Eventually the day came 
when the blocks assimilated and for a short moment this was a triumph for mankind that only foreshadowed impending doom brought upon itself. Atmospheric changes began
to occur as a Mega Block Super Lego Man formed in the midst of the NWA. It was so large it displaced 80 percent of our Ozone and flattened the NWA below sea level thus
killing every inhabitant that couldn't find a place to float. Tsunamis formed from its footsteps and it was clear that the Earth itself was about to see the last of human 
kind if it wasn't saved quickly. Scientist speculated that we could simply destroy this behemoth with nuclear bombs but not everyone was comfortable with the idea of 
ushering in the next ice age so with a heavy heart we decided that a massive EMP was the only way to disable this beast and at that point our problems would still exist.

We'd have to find a way dismantle this monolithic monstrosity once it was disabled to undo the damage done to our climate. With a heavy heart I was the one assigned to 
drop the bomb and I myself wasn't sure if it was the only solution. I knew the EMP would have me ejecting over the ocean if I got lucky enough to survive at all. Humanity
deliberated until the last moment and it was through the squall on my radio I made a realization. We have gone too far. Technology has become the end of us and we were 
about to drop the bomb that would end technology.

 This EMP was so large it would shut down every device on earth but just before the final moment we had come
up with a new plan. Unfortunately I was no longer on board and no longer listening. I just wanted to set us back to the stone age and well that's what I did.

 Those of you 
finding this text I've written may wonder who I am and if this story is even true. Is the giant plastic idol out there we all worship really what ushered in a 
New Beginning? We created that god and a single man destroyed it and along with it the ill gotten achievements of an entire race. I hope by now we have began rebuilding 
in a direction more better suited to unify the race this time if not; well, I have failed you all and my decisions were in vein. Good luck.