Did you find your family? I asked.

I did he said. Or what was left of them, anyway. They were in the city that day. I found them in the parking lot of our favorite icecream shop. They were hiding behind the car, my wife covering my little girl, to protect her. Didnt help much, when the shot passed through the car, and through both of them. He fell silent. The pain of remembering all of it was too much, and it was starting to surface. Even though it was 20 years ago, it seemed he still felt it like it was yesterday. 

I have been wandering the wasteland ever since. Looking for a reason to live. I havent found it. I guess I have looked long enough.

He suddenly reached with his right hand into the inside of his jacket. Almost immediately, I squeezed the trigger. The shotgun I had trained on him this whole time barked once, loudly. The shot caught him in the chest, and killed him instantly. He slumped slightly to one side, his limp arm pulling out of the jacket. He was holding something.

I got up, walked over and picked it up. It was an old photograph, faded and ragged around the edges. In it, a woman and a young girl were smiling and waving at the camera. It had an inscription on the back, written by hand. See you soon. Love C&D. I put the photograph back in his lap.

I felt bad for shooting the old man. I wasnt planning to. It was reflex. When I saw him, alone next to the fire, I thought it would be an easy task. Usually they give up the loot without struggle. But he seemed so calm, didnt even get up when I approached him. He just motioned for me to sit down next to the fire. I was tired from walking the whole day, so I thought why not? 

But this is the wasteland. It is not a pretty place. The reason for my survival is because I denied others the chance to deny mine. You learn quickly to trust no one but yourself. Quick reactions are your best bet to make it another day. People have different reasons to wander this place. Some seek peace, some seek redemption, some seek chaos. We all have our demons. And we all face them, here. 

I picked up the old mans backpack, searching for anything that would help me survive. He had some old crackers and a bottle of water. I put the backpack on my shoulder and left. Back into the night, to wander alone, in this purgatory called the wasteland.

---
Part 1[here](https://redd.it/3t1ujz)

NOTE: This has turned out to be a little longer than expected. While I was writing it, new ideas kept popping in my head, and I had real trouble trying to keep it short. I am thinking of maybe expanding a little the story, as I had a lot of fun imagining the world, and I feel there is room for more. I would appreciate any sort of feedback, be it good or bad. Have at it :)