T H E   L I F E   O F   T H E   F O R E S T


(one)

The first time that James went into the forest by himself, he was only two years old. Though he was not an especially bright child, he had a way with mechanical things, and figured out how to open the gate of his crib by the time he was one. It wasn't until his second year, however, that he was able to reach the door knob, and thus slip out of the house. If his aunt had not been in the kitchen preparing supper, he probably would not have made it off the front porch. But, for one reason or another, his escape went undetected. At first, as he half walked, half crawled through the tall grass of the front yard, he was afraid - only once before had he been outside alone. But as he neared the gigantic trees, with their limbs stroking the breeze like inverted yard rakes, his fear was forgotten, and replaced with a new sense. He felt strangely welcomed by the giants, as if they had been awaiting his coming.
	

James had always been drawn to the woods. His aunt and uncle could not close the blinds in his room without him crying through the whole night, for it was through the window that he could see the great oak forest behind the house. When his aunt took him outside to play, instead of building castles in the sand box, James would sit under the maple sapling by the back porch, tracing his fingers through the cracks in the bark, and vocalizing his infantile thoughts to it. There were no neighbors for miles, and so he socialized with the plants. Television held no appeal for him - it was at the window seat that he spent mindless hours staring aimlessly.
	

The reason for this strange attraction of his is quite simply explained, though few realized it at the time. Most people simply believed that he was slightly off, due to being abandoned by his parents at such a young age. For on the day James was born, his entrance into the world was not the most notable event.
	

In the early weeks of fall, James' father had lost his job and was unable to find another. Money dried up quickly, and the hunting that had once been sport had become necessity. On the morning of James' birthday, his father went out in search of deer. As the day grew late, James' mother grew worried, and despite the fact that she was due to give birth within the week, ventured out into the forest. Driven by her hunger and fear for the baby, she could not wait any longer. She had eaten very little in the past two days. 
	

As she was walking towards her husband's tree stand, she saw a deer bound off through the undergrowth to the side of the trail. A mere moment later she heard a gun shot, a fall, and a wheezing grunt in a symphony of chaos. In eager anticipation, she quickened her pace and soon arrived at the stand. What she discovered, however, was not what she expected. James' father had fallen from the tree, breaking both his legs, and causing his shotgun to go off, leaving a bloodied mess where his stomach should have been. He was sitting up against the tree he had fallen from, breathing heavily, his legs twisted underneath him, a reservoir of blood forming on the ground at his side. The gun, with his finger gripping the trigger, was resting on his lap, loaded. He knew that even if he could have walked home, he would have died shortly of blood loss. At the sight, James' mother fell to the ground beneath the oak. It was at this point that she went into labor. Luckily her husband had not yet carried out his intentions, and was able to deliver the baby. The combination of labor and hunger was too much for James' mother, and as his father nestled him between the roots of the tree, she passed away. Her husband then pulled her skirt back down over her legs, swallowed the barrel of the gun, and fired.
	

Several hours later, another hunter crept up to the clearing at the foot of the tree. Due to his failing eyesight, he had been following a set of tracks backward - those from the deer James' father had attempted to shoot. He rushed to the tree, and stared awestruck at three dead bodies lying sprawled on the blood-soaked ground. The third, however, was not dead. Just as the hunter was pulling a tarp from his pack to cover them, he heard the baby cough and begin to cry. He was startled, but dropped the tarp, gathered the baby into his arms, and hurried toward his truck. As he wrapped the baby in his jacket and stepped into the cab, a storm broke and began to drench the land.
	

In a small town, everyone knows who is pregnant, and when their child is due. Thus when the hunter brought James to the doctor it did not take long to determine whose baby it was. He was christened James by the hunter - who chose his own name when prompted by the doctor to think of one. He tried to explain to the doctor where he had discovered the child, but found that he was too deeply disturbed by what he had seen. The memory was too near - he could not tell it. As he drove home, the heavy rain caused his truck to lose traction, sending him in a somersault over the side of a narrow ravine. The flooded river rushed his body through the woods and deposited it in an isolated marsh.
	

That night the doctor brought James to his house, where he fell asleep to the sound of nature removing all trace of his past. His aunt and uncle were contacted the next day, and moved into James' parents house to raise him. For his whole life, everyone, himself included, believed he had been abandoned as a child by parents who did not have the means to raise him.


(two)

They say that a child does not make any long term memories until after the age of two. But it is certainly not true that their experiences as an infant do not stay with them. In his heart, James carried the memory of his first day on earth. He could not explain it, but a faint glimpse of a dark afternoon would often haunt his dreams.
	

On the first day he ventured into the forest alone, he felt at peace. The emotions of a two-year-old do not run particularly deep - they feel hunger, pain, and to some extent, love. In the forest, James felt none of these. He did not love the forest - he needed it. He continued to stumble between the trees, and crossed the driveway just as his uncle was coming home from work.
	

Though his aunt and uncle tried to prevent him from escaping again, he quite frequently evaded them. He picked the lock on his door, climbed down from his second floor window, even snuck past the dogs bought exclusively to warn of his escape.
	

Eventually the day came when it was time for James to go to school. He did not come home on the bus that first day, however. Around suppertime he broke through the trees, walked in and sat down to eat. He never rode the bus. In the summer, he would rise with the sun, eat a hurried breakfast, grab an apple, and head for the trees. He arrived home in time for supper, then spent the evening reading under the maple tree by the back porch. He still talked to it, occasionaly.
	

Though his aunt and uncle wanted desperately to know what James did in the woods, they were never able to follow him. It was as though the forest swallowed him up as he entered. This was, in fact, close to the truth. He would walk aimlessly, stopping at certain trees just to stare. He would gaze at them from top to bottom, coming close enough to feel the cracks of their bark in the soft flesh of his stomach. As he stood motionless, sometimes for hours, he became almost a part of the forest. He did not startle any of the animals, for they were accustomed to his presence. But they too were curious. They had never seen a human behave as James did, and often tracked him.
	

James' need for the forest continued to grow. The fall that he turned eleven, he found that he was not able to go to school. It meant too much time away from the forest. Even in the winter, he continued to spend all day among the trees - from sunrise until sunset. His aunt was lucky to get a warm coat on him before he left. But she knew that she could not stop him.
	

When James fell ill, the symptoms of his infection were not what he suffered from most. It was withdrawal from the trees. During the day he would sit moaning at the window seat. At night, he cried himself to sleep. And yet he always healed quickly. James never remained sick for longer than a couple of days. As soon as he was recovered, he would dash into the forest, often beating the sun.


(three)

It was after one such illness that the transformation began. Though James lived in the forest for hours everyday, he had never spent the night among the trees. One harsh case of the flu, however, would change that. It had started with his aunt, passed to his uncle, and finally fell to him. For five days he slept, rising only once a day for a bowl of chicken soup. On the fifth night, the fever broke during his sleep.
	

When James uncle rose at five to prepare for work, James was not in the house. When he came home again at six, the boy had still not returned.  As he turned out the light at nine, there was still no sign of James. By the time he rose at midnight to get a glass of water, he was worried. He roused his wife, got dressed, grabbed a flashlight, and ventured into the night. 
	

He walked slowly through the grass, his flashlight casting long shadows on the stalks, creating an eerie pattern on the forest in the background. He knew where to begin, for the boy always entered the woods at the same spot. From there, however, things grew more difficult. There was not a sign of anything, animal or human. He only had to venture in a few yards more to determine that his search would be fruitless. The boy left hardly a trace, certainly not one that could be recognized in the black of night. At this point, James uncle could hardly make out his own tracks, and was beginning to lose sight of the porch lamp. He headed back, realizing that James could have traveled many miles in the twenty hours or so he had been gone. He and his wife spent the night on the porch, calling for James every so often, and straining their eyes into the field each time they heard or saw motion.
	

At sunset, they were awakened by the sound of the screen door slamming shut. As they drearily strolled back inside, James met them in the hall with a pack full of food. He quickly stepped past and headed back out to the forest.
	

In the weeks and months to come, the only time they ever spent with James were the few moments when he came home for meals. On certain occasions they were able to spend more time with him, when he returned to socialize with the backyard maple. They learned not to keep too much food in the house, so that he would be forced to come home more often.  
	

But they noticed, as time passed, that he was eating less and less. Some weeks he would only come home once, stopping just long enough to pack a few apples and five or six slices of bread. He was not getting any thinner, however. James uncle spoke to all the towns people, but none of them had ever fed the boy - they hardly even remembered that he existed.
	

Many times two or three months would pass in which James did not come home. When he did return, he spoke very little. While once he would speak casually with his aunt and uncle as he ate, he came to the point where he would hardly wish them goodbye.

(four)

It was quickly getting dark the evening James came home for the last time. He walked up the porch steps just as the sun was setting, and joined his aunt and uncle for dinner. He was more talkative than ever, even moreso than before his long absences began. Over the meal of stewed beef and vegetables, he questioned them about the details of their lives, the news of the town, and plans for the future. Afterwards, he spent the evening inside with them, watching a few hours of reruns on television.  At nine, he went to bed. 
	

This pattern continued for two weeks - he ate his meals at home, spent all nights in his own bed. If someone had been visiting during that time, they would scarcely have guessed the mystery of James' existence. But just as suddenly as he had changed, he was gone.
	

In the forest, the transformation was coming to a close. The trees had come to love James. They eagerly awaited his coming, whispering to each other as their roots felt his footsteps approaching. When he entered, they forced their limbs into the breeze, filling the air with the sound of their rustling applause. He would make a circuitous route through the forest, stopping first at each of the eldest trees, those that had hidden the bodies of Indians waiting in ambush for pioneers. He would spend hours at the foot of each, listening to their words of wisdom, and relaying to them similar words from the other trees. Afterwards, he moved to the younger trees, answering the many questions they had about their seniors. 
	

James had grown keenly aware of the passions of the trees. He shared their emotions when the rain fell, when the wind blew, and when the sun scorched. In the spring he would talk with the saplings, in the summer, he spoke to the wide shade trees. Through the fall and winter, he would spend hours, even days, at the foot of the mighty pines on the slopes of the hills.
	

He felt what the trees felt, saw the world as they saw it. Slowly, he began to act as they did.  He came to the point where he no longer needed food - water was sufficient. Eventually, however, that need also subsided. What he soaked up through his bare feet was enough to sustain him.
	

And finally, one fall day, James life as a human ended. He made his way to the only part of the forest he had never visited, and crept into the clearing of the tallest oak he had ever seen. He walked up beside it, and as it spoke to him of the first day of his life, he wept softly. Wrapping his arms around the great oak, the tears from his eyes became a constant stream. The salty water ran in rivulets down his face, fell from his chin, and splashed on the crumpled brown leaves at the foot of the tree. As he lay down to sleep, a sound began to fill the air. The trees were now weeping with James, their limbs were groaning with the pain he felt. 
	

From the edge of the forest, a wind began to pick up. It writhed its way through the trunks of the trees, forming a cyclone which culminated in the branches of the giant above James head. It formed itself into a ball, as the outer edges of the cone were drawn in to the center. Suddenly the wind faded, dissipating into the leaves of the great oak. The forest let out a sound as though a breath held for too long were being released. James stood up, and stepped, like a phantom, through the bark of the tree, into its heart.


(five)

From that day on, no one ever ventured into James forest. It was not dead; game was plentiful. If it was haunted, it was not by ghosts. The forest was more alive than it had ever been. But people felt as though the forest was watching them, as though the trees understood their thoughts. In a way, they did. In their conversations with James, they had learned much about human nature. 
	

Something which James no longer had any use for. When he passed into the heart of the great oak, he passed also into the very heart of the forest. It now lived through him - as one. James had become the life of the forest. 