As Claire dressed for the day, she studied her face in the mirror. She was pretty  that much she was sure of  but she was all too aware of the flaws and badly formed areas of her face. The eyelashes were good. Short, but thick and very dark brown, and curved just enough to throw off a glossy gleam to anyone close enough to see. She liked the color of her irises. Deep blue-grey, outlined in a charcoal that contrasted with the color of her eyelashes. She leaned forward on her elbows to get a closer look at herself. Hmmm, she thought, my eyes are nice. Turning her head different directions, she admired the way the colors and angles of her eyes looked from either side, marveling at the beauty others saw every day, something she never saw from a normal glance in the mirror. Perfect.


Her jaw line was different. It had never satisfied her. It was too thick, a throwback to her German roots. It was heavy, set like her mothers. Seeing her mothers imperfections always offended her; she became angry at the sight of her wrinkles, and at the way she pursed her mouth when she was concentrating. Those thin, bled-out lines of flaccid flesh creamed old age. It was so ugly. And even worse than the glaring senility was the humiliation that came when they were together and the waiter would remark that theyre obviously mother and daughter. If he was trying to be funny, hed ask if they were sisters, out for lunch. And sometimes her mother would smile; other times, shed hear an insult in his words, and then her eyebrows would merge and her lips would warp into squished worms. And there theyd be, stuck sitting across each other, left conscious of the contrast between them. This lead one to think of how much she had aged, and to reflect on lifes unfairness. The other was chilled to recognize her future, and knew that she had already seen glimpses of what would be on mornings after long nights.


The thought of those thin, worn lips unsettled her. As she hunched even closer to the vanity, she compared the lips in her minds eye to those in the mirror. They had a nice shape, and this pleased her, but as she slowly smiled, the pretty Cupids bow stretched, and became thin, common, and unremarkable. It became old. Instinctively she relaxed her mouth into a pout, and felt soothed by how lush and full it looked. She would have to remember to keep her mouth like this, and learn to smile better. A fluid smile -- spontaneous; a smile that would hold anyone spellbound. Her reflection smiled at her a few times, and it looked sincere enough, but the Cupids bow always unbent to the same disappointing, familiar line. Watching her lips morph from perfectly plump to flat worked a pit into her stomach, and her heart sank further with each smile.


Tired of the mirror and her mother, she quickly moved into the closet and looked around for something to wear. Anxiety filled her as she thumbed through her clothes; everything looked as if it had walked out of the closet of an obsolete it-girl and right into hers. Too much satin, too much shine and too much glisten. White summer slacks and anchor-emblem insignias and tailored jackets. . . Images of sunken cheekbones and too-loose skin wrapped in clothes whose price tags couldnt even hide the truth of its contents. No, she thought, all of these are bad. Finding something else proved to be difficult. The closet was filled with Ralph Lauren and Hugo, two of her favorite brands. Two brands which oozed pricey out of every seam, something that she believed was essential in good style. After a few more minutes in her closet, she grabbed a magazine, searching through it for inspiration. She had hoped to find an article on youthful fashions, or maybe a photo spread of the newest trends, but she had thrown out most of her magazines, so her selection was considerably narrow. Flipping through the pages, she found a photo that would serve as a guideline to putting together the right outfit. She ripped the page out, then went through her clothes again to see what would look most like the clothes in the photo.


Using the floor-length mirror in the hallway, she critiqued her outfit. Although the retired-yacht aura still lingered, the clothes were matched to give the feel of youthful carelessness. Satisfied, she put some final touched on her makeup, then switched purses for the day. A lat gaze at her reflection reassured her. All she could see was a vibrant, beautiful girl. When she walked down the street, no one would think anything except that she was really very good looking. Everything pulled and clung in the right areas, and nothing made her shape look less than ideal. Smacking her lips together, she blew herself a kiss goodbye and walked out the door.


The sunlight was brighter than she expected; the light on her vanity was soft white, one of the most flattering. Outside, though, the light was sharp, harsh, and filled her with self-consciousness. She walked in the shade, head ducked, careful not to expose her face. The light was revealing. It tripped over every flaw, casting hard shadows the only highlight what she wanted to ignore. Glancing around to see who was watching, she very deliberately pulled her sunglasses on a struck a fast pace. They were nice sunglasses, a gift from an ex, and following the newest trend, they covered a large portion of her face. The sunglasses made her look stylish, and let her feel safe. Fro behind the sunglasses she studied the people of the street. One advantage of the bright light was the clear view of gave of everyone else that was out. There were several couples; a few made Claire jealous. They were so quintessentially together. From heir hair color to their style, even to the way the leaned in to each other when one spoke, they radiated harmony and happiness. She had never felt the way those couples looked, although there had been a handful of moments when shed thought shed gotten close.
Everyone else on the street was just the average person. There was a little girl who was cute enough, but her nose wasnt right; it should have been a button nose. Her mother must have been somewhere near, but Claire couldnt identify anyone whose features matched the girls. Maybe she doesnt live with her mom, she mused, and her dad takes care of her. How nice of him. I wonder if her nose reminds him of his ex-wife. In a gesture of guilt, she reached up to touch her own nose, conscious that it was a bit too wide, although she had a good profile. Discouraged, she decided to head into the caf down the street to have lunch. She woke late that day, and even though it was afternoon, she was hungry, and a caf sounded like the perfect place for a pick-me-up. There were always interesting people in cafs; artists, writers, or people who just looked like artists or writers. Life seemed to be extraordinarily tragic for that crowd. They were entertaining and witty as a group, but when alone theyd hunker over a cold cup of coffee, cynically smirking to themselves and staring out the window. For some reason there were many naturally handsome people on this crowd, and they always had an air of smug conceit and assurance that made them seem perpetually youthful. A sort of devil-may-care attitude, and Claire found this extremely appealing.
Claire sat down at a corner booth and looked over the menu. Before the waiter came to take her order, she did a quick inventory to see who was in the caf. There werent many people in there. Only a few college-aged girls and a group a young men who were chatting up the barista. The men were attractive; one was thin, with a light frame and expensive clothes. He was very well kept, with the pale, haloed features of an addict. She liked the way he cut his eyes o listen to his companions. They were ice-blue. The men laughed at something the barista had said, and Claire smiled, hoping to catch their attention. It worked. The taller man, with one with dark hair and an electric smile, met her eyes. His jacket was dark brown; it looked soft, well-made  tailored. She reminded herself not to smile too eagerly and make her mouth ugly. She wanted to give him an authentic smile, one that was genuine, but not as authentic or genuine as to lose her pucker. Carefully, she made her mouth into what she hoped passed for a perfectly-pouting, easy-going smile. She supposed that she was successful, because the man smiled in return. It was an even, full smile that reached up to his eyes. There was a dimple in his left cheek. Normally, asymmetrical features irked her, but his dimple seemed to be specially placed there, like an accent mark to set off the rest of his smile.
The man leaned over and whisper to the barista without taking his eyes off of Claire. As he spoke, the Adams apple in his throat worked subtly. Day-old stubble crept down from his cheekbones to shadow his jaw. She wondered what he was saying. It was about her, she was certain. The barista smiled at the man, and nodded, then sad something to the whole group of men that set them off laughing. The waiter came over and gave her a cup of coffee. Claire was disappointed, but on consideration, there wasnt much else he could have sent her. It is a caf, she thought. To let the waiter see her appreciation, she looked up at him and demurely said, Thank you. His expression showed that he was caught off-guard, by what, Claire could only guess. It was gratifying to know that he found her attractive. She watched his eyes dart over her face. The tall man at the bar was watching them, and laughed, nonchalant about lure Claire had cast out. The waiter hesitated for a moment, and then left. Knowing that the man with the brilliant smile watched, she carefully missed cream and sugar into the coffee, and raised the cups to her lips. Pausing, she peered over the rim of the cup, making eye contact with the man, so that he could make no mistake that the sip was intended for him. Her lips would pout perfectly on the rim of the cup, and she wanted him to see it.
Just as Claire has wanted, the man began to respond. Straightening his back, his smile softened. Instead of bright and electric like it was before, it turned sweet and secretive. Her sharp eye took in that new smile, and thoughtfully weighed its merits. Smiling seriously as he was, a new gravity hung around him, making him seem older in a puzzling way. There were tiny creases near his eyes, small enough that she had miss them at first, but there nonetheless. A lump worked into the back of her throat. The dimple in his left cheek was fainter, a hint of the mature smile, and she tired to concentrate on its shape. She regretted seeing those creases, because the attention he was paying to her was enjoyable. Making another effort, she sipped the coffee as a gesture and then set it down, faintly smiling her thanks in his direction, all the while trying to keep her mouths shape undistorted. A blush crept under the mans whiskers, something she took as a delightful homage to her success. Nearly an unconscious movement, her fingers flew up to her mouth and traced the peaks of her Cupids bow, as if they were memorizing the set of her mouth as it was in that moment. She wondered how she had managed to hit on the right combination of a controlled and authentic smile. There were times when she worried that she was too concerned about her appearance, but experience always validated the draining effort of constantly critiquing herself and rewarded her diligence with success. The only thing that could have gratified her more was to be just as effectively alluring to a man who didnt have crows feet around his eyes, even if his werent too noticeable. Dissatisfied, she began fidgeting in her seat, wishing that another, more attractive man would walk into the caf. There had to be someone out there who would be what she needed, someone whose perfection and style could only be matched with hers. Sadly, no one walked into the caf at that moment except for a young woman.
The light thrown from the opened door caught the dark-haired mans attention, and Claire saw his eyes skim over the newly arrived woman. Her dress was fashionable and flattering, and undoubtedly the designer and envisioned it on a body like one it was on. Claire sullenly noticed the milky texture of the womans skin and the faultless composition of her face. Nothing was too big or unrefined; all of her features seemed to have been especially formed for the pages of a magazine, a face that a photographer would love. Claire cut her eyes back to the man. He had only looked at the new young woman briefly, but it had been enough. Swirling the coffee cup in his hand, he held his eyes down, as if her were suddenly introspective and shy. It was like the sight of that girl had changed his thoughts. Whatever had happened, he kept his gaze off of Claire for longer than was comfortable. Her confidence wavered. Gulping the last of her still-hot coffee, she stood up to leave, making an effort to do so with as much grace of movement as she could. Shed been told that, when using good posture, her neckline and shoulders could stop traffic. She made herself tall and lean, and moved how she thought a dancer might, with dignity and poeticism infused into every movement. She gave him her best show. With a look over her shoulder, she watched to see if he noticed; he didnt. He stared into his coffee cup as if it held the secrets of life. Only as she walked out of the door did he acknowledge that she was leaving. He nodded his head and gave her a rueful smile. She took in the smile and weighted its meaning. There was nothing in it to save her. It only told her that something had changed in the man. As soon as she knew this, she realized that it had been inevitable all along. There would always be a younger, more attractive woman to take away her men.


She left the caf walking tall and straight as she could, and although she strained to make her spine long and elegant, there was no way to make her neck long enough to entirely mitigate the thickness of her jaws and her flat nose. Mechanically, her hand found her sunglasses from within her purse and roughly put them onto her face as she stepped into the street. Again, the sunlight shone relentlessly down, beating the unsettled dismay in her stomach into a bitter and passionate anger. She was furious. Her mothers face flashed in her mind, and she vehemently resented her mother and the shared features between them. Anger twisted her expression, forcing her eyebrows into a scrunched wreck and etching tense creases around her mouth. The sunglasses shielded her from onlookers, and she spitefully too advantage of this to indulge in her frown. After all her care and work to avoid expressions and emotions which would mold her face to be the same as her mothers, it seemed as if it was unavoidable in the end. Even strangers knew what she really was, and what she would be.


Her humiliation was unbearable; she hated everyone on the street because she was so obviously an imposter. When she had left her house, her outfit had been young and hopeful. Now it was cheap and pathetic. It showcased her very average, unremarkable body, making it obvious to the world that she was nothing to be noticed  that she was on the same path to senility and obsolete ugliness as every other unattractive woman in the world. Her purse was heavy, and its weight pulled her shoulder down, making her stoop and walk with slightly uneven steps. All-too aware of how she looked, she ducked her head deep down towards her chest and walked faster, desperate to make it home.


As she got to her front door, relief washed through her. She hastily began searching her purse for her keys, but they were difficult to find, and it seemed like it was an eternity before her fingers found them. Then she couldn't unlock the door fast enough. Nerves and frustration made her jittery, and her anger rose at her inability to open her own front door. Finally, she unlocked the door, and rushed inside. Relief washed over her, and she pressed herself onto the entry-way wall. Pulling her sunglasses off, she put her hands to her cheeks, cupping their shape. Her fingers trembled over her face, prodding its contours invasively, picking at the incriminating features. Her breath came in quick, shallow beats, and her eyes flickered around the hallway.


She caught sight of herself in the large mirror near the entrance, and she was startled at the sight of her own eyes. She was thrown off-guard by how lovely they were, and stood there for a moment appreciating their beauty. Her breath began to slow, and she moved one hand from her face to her chest, trying to calm and still herself. The light in the hallway was the brilliant, incandescent light that came from a diffusion of the sunlight that played off of the glass panels in her door and the entryway mirror. It was luminous and kind, and softened the angles around her face. She smiled to herself, happy with the face in the mirror.