So you said a few minutes ago that you get fed up with the things that your friends say when you are home. Give me an example.
I mean, okay, heres a good one, just a few weeks ago I went to my childhood friend Nicks house, and I was sitting on the floor, and Nick and Derek were sitting on a leather couch, and they were just watching a football game. Anyway, the way they talk really drives me up a fucking wall. I mean, not just what they talk about, but how they talk about it. It doesnt matter what the topic is. It really doesnt. They can go on for hours just spouting shit off about the most mindless fucking things you can imagine, and even that wouldnt be so bad, except they talk like fucking morons.
What do you mean?
I mean, they talk like this: Dude, that tackle was dirty!, I know, bro! Eddie mimicked, trying to convey all the nuances that he hated so much.
So their tone of voice, their apathy for serious dialogue bothers you?
I sat there listening to them talk and all I wanted to do was knock the dumbass looks off of both of their faces. Eddie remarked, completely disregarding Dr. Petersons question.
Well, Eddie, it sounds as though you harbor an incredible amount of contempt for your friends. Are you sure that they are people you should be spending time with? It sounds to me that your friends have an immensely negative effect on your mental health.
I guess. Eddie replied shortly.
Well, I would suggest that if you honestly believe what you have just admitted, that you not spend as much time with those friends. Find a new hobby. Meet some new people. Find new ways to make yourself happy! That is the ultimate goal that we are trying to achieve here, Eddie.
The entire time that Dr. Peterson was talking, Eddie bit a piece of the inside of his lip, hard. He focused on the pain, and wondered if he had drawn blood. He thought about people, and how dumb they really are. He thought about the way that people perceive themselves as more than just conscious meat, and their relationships with people as meaningful.
Yeah. Okay.
Well, I hate to say it but it seems as though our session is at its end. Its funny how time flies, isnt it?
Eddie didnt answer the question, and grabbed his jacket off of the back of his chair.
See you next Wednesday, Eddie? Uh, huh Eddie replied as he walked out the door.
His walk was brisk, as if he knew where he was going. He thought to himself how unamusing it is that time passes by, and how meaningless it was that the counselor brought it up. He walked back to his dorm at the same brisk pace. He looked straight ahead, and did not make eye contact with anybody. He saw a girl he knew from his thermodynamics course passing by. Her name was Sophie. He saw that she smiled at him, but he acted like he didnt notice, and kept walking. He thought about her for a second, and remembered the exact seat that she sat in the previous week. He was good at remembering things like that. He made it to the dorm about two minutes after leaving the counseling center. He went upstairs and passed by a girl with a pair of the furry, brown boots that are pretty popular. He thought about how ridiculous they were, and how impractical they are as footwear. He thought about how much he wished that she tripped on her way down the stairs and broke her neck, rendering her a quadriplegic for life. He smirked at that thought. He exited the stairwell on the third floor, and made his way to his room, number three-forty-two. It was a single. Eddie keyed into the room, and sat down in his chair. His homework was done, he wasnt hungry, and he had already run ten miles that day. He stood his backpack up against his bed, and grabbed his car keys. He decided that he would go for a drive. He walked downstairs. and headed for the door.
Hey, hows it going? the on-duty RA said in a friendly manner.
Eddie walked on, paying no mind to the RA. He thought about how the comment the RA hurled at him was just a facade, the same way that Wal-Mart greeters have to say welcome! to every customer that comes in.
He got to his car, a black Suburu Outback, parked in the dorm lot. He sat in the driver seat, turned the key in the ignition, and drove off. He passed by a table that was for some environmental protection club on campus. He thought to himself that whatever those students think they are doing to preserve the planet, they are misguided, because the only way to truly save it, is to lower the population, which involves mass genocide. He drove on and got off campus. He drove over a low bridge that straddled a river, and parked on the side of the road. He sat there for a few minutes, and looked at his mileage. one-six-two-four-four- and halfway between the seven and the eight. He then opened his door, and walked to the back of his car. He popped the trunk, and found picked up his violin case. He popped the clasps, and opened it up. Inside laid a Russian-assembled, Kalashnikov rifle; two, fully loaded, thirty-round magazines; and rifle maintenance tools. He inserted one of the magazines into the receiver, and quickly slung it up over his shoulder. He walked to the center of the bridge, disguising the weapon with the side of his body. He stepped up onto the railing of the bridge and briefly thought about Sophies smile. He raised the rifle directly below his jaw, and squeezed the trigger.