[Part 1](https://www.reddit.com/r/shortstories/comments/46dk03/mfparadisesjumakoi/)

It is 2012, a year since my first departure in ahakin, Nja Pokalaa. Ill put it simply, when war lasts 2,000 years ,it becomes engraved into a society, it isnt hell anymore, its not a tragedy that must be solved, its life. Its a plague that people have become immune to. After my deployment to ahakin, I went through basic training to smooth things out. And since then, being involved in countless combat scenarios, losing a piece of myself with each fading loss on both sides of the line, and seeing Kae nearly bleed to death has taught me one thing. Realize and infatuate yourself with what you have now before its gone, rather than waiting until youve already lost it.


Ive been critically wounded on several occasions, and Im still here. Ive hurt too many to give a shit about my own welfare. I live to protect, Im honest, true and Im raw purpose. I dont make a good friend, nor am I relatable much anymore. And the only things keeping me from accepting the void in my mind are the orphanage founded by Lincy, who is now discharged due to traumatic experiences beyond my own. We, as in Lincy, Kae, Kjrel and Siny, I and a few other soldiers and nurses, run the orphanage between varying deployments.


The orphanage brings me joy as it does despair. We take in lost children from all over, many of whom speak the language of the enemy. I wonder how many times I mustve unraveled a sequence of tragic events to send these children here in some way. Ive also taken the duty of raising a baby girl. Nobody knows who the parents are; her DNA isnt in the system. It brings me questions of her origin, because shes special, biologically special I mean. Shes been genetically enhanced to, as Im told, survive birth as the mother wasnt able to conceive her naturally. So Im told. Anybody who knows anything here knows the enemy creates things. Monsters, super soldiers, shit scientists and creatives on Earth fantasize about alike.


Before I was able to take her in I had to be informed she may be difficult to handle. They said she may have an accelerated growth rate until she meets puberty. They also said she will have enhanced strength, endurance, intelligence and senses. None of that disturbed me; she was going to be my responsibility. I named her Kimjai, or Awakening/Revelation. She was an awakening. And although its customary to wait until a child is old enough before naming him/her, I didnt wait to. I dont do much outside of tending to her. I dont sleep much, not because she takes my attention often, but because I give her my attention. I dont wait for her to need me. Im always there. I owe my life to her. I dont have many close to me anymore either. I have my team, and my contacts. Kae will always be there for me and she understands why Im like this.


And Ill need her more than ever now.


On the last deployment Anjaki, I and a few other troops were holding a tattered position on a grassy region in Atesoja, Teris Kvatir, a shitty planet two systems away. Through months of continuous combat our legion had been frayed and spread thin. It was brisk and fairly light out. Heavy Storm clouds waned over the hills and forest in the horizon. This planet reminded me of Earth, a place I hope this war never reaches.


As I was manning an anti armour turret, Anjaki had gone off to provide over watch a few hundred segments to my right for Solja, his now fiance. As the enemy advanced he ceased to respond to interval checks, prompting me to request two others troops to utilize the turret, and take another trooper with me to Anjakis supposed position. As we neared his proximity we could here rifle fire and two enemy fighter craft droned quickly overhead. We located Anjaki to see him providing active support for Solja against a unit of enemy combatants advancing on her position.


I ordered the trooper to act as a runner to the small airbase we had in the caves to request air support. We werent to use the radios for much as the enemy has located or will locate and latch on to our frequency. I announced my presence to Anjaki and got to his side and assessed the situation up close. He informed me Solja was under risk of being overrun very quickly so I assisted in fire support.


The situation caved in deeply when they found our location. Our combined rifle fire mustve pissed them off enough to send troops. Most of the time they will attack one position at a time when sparse on troops to avoid ambushes and M.I.A situations, though as we suppressed their advance this gave them two birds to dissect with a dull knife.


They split in two units with seven advancing on Solja, and nine on us. We began emptying our rifle cylinders, cylinder after cylinder. We dropped three soldiers, our marksmanship compromised by suppressive fire and dust and debris kicking up around our field of view. We fell back as we fired at the advance. We stopped firing and ran to a building near us, no longer taking fire, we reached the rooftop. We looked over to Soljas position, and we dropped two soldiers closing in on her proximity. As we scanned for the rest of the unit, I made a mistake. I neglected to cover our entry point. Unbeknownst to me, an enemy soldier infiltrated and began shooting at us hitting my back and shoulder plate, which dispersed energy residue on my mask, temporarily blinding me. I fell as Anjaki took multiple shots at the combatant but the soldier was already behind cover. I regained myself and we waited.


The sounds of aircraft droning over head concerned me but I didnt dare take my eyes off that corner. As soon as the soldiers arm turned the corner we began firing. We fired repeatedly at the wall. We were sure we missed him so we moved forward, battering his position with short single shot bursts. During this the soldiers gun shoots around the corner at us and an explosion went through my vision, throwing me into the wall. The soldier moves around the corner and I drop him with five center shots, knocking him against the wall. In a daze I get up and put two more in his chest, and then I reloaded. I go over to Anjaki, who was lying against the wall and asked where he was hit. He said in a shaky chuckle do you mean like him? No. referring to the soldier I dropped.


He saved my life a few times, but I was never able to return that. Never..Just like so many others. He asked softly where Solja was. I looked over to her building and saw her scanning our area. I didnt want her to come over hereOur area was deemed sanitized as one of our tanks moved up in the clearing with a few units. I called out to them.
It never ends like it does in books, movies, or expected. Its surreal and always will be. It .just ended after a few moments. A unit with medics were heading close as I held him gloved hand feeling his grip until the moment it loosened. I walked away without looking at him towards to soldier I dropped. He threw a grenade that detonated closer to me than Anjaki. Somehow, this soldier was still alive. I could tell from the tears going down his face building up on his respirator. He looked at me with sorrow in his eyes. I began raising my pistol before lowering it.


He was alive. The medics will be here any moment, but I gave him my field kit and took his rifle away. Before I walked away he said in a strained slightly hollow electronic voice articulated by the mask over his mouth My brother was down there. We were shooting at his brother, so he killed mine.


I later found out that the soldier and his brother survived. They survived and I cant and will not hold them against that. In war you kill or lose. I lost this time. I walked backed to Anjakis body. The medics were behind me tending to the soldier and reaching Anjaki. I sat there even after they removed his body..I was alone now; I had nothing left in me anymore. No crying, no yelling, just a deep sting. It was all a blur until I eventually got home, and when I did, I didnt say a syllable, and my friends let me be. Kae didnt say much, she brought me food and checked on me. Solja wept and wasnt deployed anymore.


The war had gotten bad at this point, we were losing and the front was on multiple planets in multiple systems and was nearing the orphanage. There was but one window of opportunity with a heavy cold wind of darkness blowing through it and we took it. I was deployed once more on a strike mission with a large team from Special Operations on an enemy airbase and research facility where the enemy leader and his family were using as a transfer facility to leave for another planet. We eradicated everyone. The entire facility was wiped out. We knew the damage done, we felt it all. All the rage and pain from our losses burn through us as we cleared it.


All of us involved were nearly dead inside, hurt and desperate, but we cared. What mattered was ridding the future of this conflict. It didnt bring anyone back and in reality we just caused more pain to others. I lost too soon. Im discharged and Im going to take care of Kimjai now. And try my best she never will witness life as my eyes endured.