The boys eyes were emotionless. Dark and dull, presumably caused by the medicine the young boy, named Andrew, had to consume daily for his mental instabilities. The boys father, Daniel Claymore, had a concerned look on his face as he grabbed his keys by the hook on the front door of the house. He was obviously in a hurry, late to meet up with someone I assumed. He hadnt quite explained where he was going, but he called with urgency to insist that he needed to go meet with someone important. 
Thank you Grace for coming on such short notice; its hard to find a person that understands Andrewss special needs. Daniels voice was cracking as he praised me for coming to babysit. Hes had a hard life; he just needs someone from the outside to treat him like a normal child. He seems to like you, he trusts you. I just want to let you know how appreciative I am of you for that.
Daniels thanks seemed strange; hes never acted like this to me. He always seemed calm, distant, a man of few words. Tonight he had a panic to his voice and was thanking me to the point of annoyance.
Of course, no problem Mr. Claymore, I love the little guy. I said trying to move him along and out the door quickly. 
I didnt have a problem with his demeanor normally, but he was acting so strange tonight. It left me feeling uneasy, accompanied with Andrew who just stood in the hallway staring with blank eyes at his father. 
Ill be back soon, this shouldnt take very long. Once again, thank you so much. He smiled at me and then looked over to his son staring at him. I love you, and dont worry, well get this all handled.
Feeling slightly bewildered by the atmosphere, the tension in the room was heavy. It felt as if it was weighing the room down, like a constant pressure lurking throughout the house. As Mr. Claymore began to turn his back to leave, Andrew quickly broke the awkward silence in a manner so innocent, but unsettling.
I love you too father, of course everything will be ok. Ill always have my friend to help me.
Mr. Claymore left the house without even a flinch at the boys weird demeanor and words. I stood there for a moment lost in thought at what was going on in their life. Why would Andrew call his dad his friend instead of his dad? I suppose hes pretty young, 8 year olds say weird things sometimes, and its not that uncommon for a child to call his parent a friend, but that was just an unnerving context. Maybe it was his voice or his expressionless face that made it seem weird. I began to come to the conclusion that I was making more of this than there needed to be. Its the same little boy Ive seen many times before babysitting. Hes just a little off, thats all. Perhaps he took a stronger dose of his medication.I was so lost in my thoughts I had barely noticed that Andrew was standing there staring at me motionless.
I broke the tension, Hey little man, what would you like to do? Its getting pretty late, would you like to go watch some cartoons for a little while before we get ready for bed?
He smiled at me, bringing me a slight feeling of relief. 
John doesnt like to watch TV; he said he cant think with all that noise. Could you read me a story, I really like when you read stories to me. Your voice reminds me of my mother. 

I stood silent for just a few seconds thinking how to respond to the statement he just said.
Andrew, sweetie, who is John? A friend of yours?
Andrew smiled, Yes, hes been with me my whole life. He helps me smile. He left after my mom died, but he still visits. Hes a good friend, he never forgets about me. He cares for me, I love John.
I smiled at him as I thought to myself, The poor little thing, he has an imaginary friend. It must help him cope with the loss of his mother. Well John sounds like a nice friend to have. An immense sadness overtook me as I cracked another smile at him, Thats sweet that I remind you of your mother, I know you miss her. Sure we can read a story, go pick one out that you like.
His dead eyed stare broke and was replaced with excitement as he ran up the stairs to his room to find a storybook. I walked over to the kitchen to get a bottle of water from their fridge when I saw an empty pill bottle of Andrews. The date issued on the medication was for two months ago and had no pickup date for the next refill.
Thats strange. I whispered to myself, I wonder if he was placed on a different medication now?
A loud creaking sound emanated from the hallway next to the stairs. I quickly turned, pill bottle still in my hand, to see an empty hallway.
Andrew!? Is that you? 
No one responded. It was eerily quiet. I turned back to the fridge, not paying any mind to the noise I had just heard. 
A voice suddenly broke the silence. You shouldnt be holding that.
I shrieked in the surprise, OH MY GOD!
It was Andrew standing just inside the kitchen by the hallway. I regained my composure, heart still beating quickly.Holy crap kid, you scared me half to death. After a couple seconds I thought about what he said to me. I shouldnt be holding what, your empty pill bottle?
John doesnt like anyone to touch those. Hes been very angry lately, ever since we ran out of those. 
An incredibly uneasy feeling began to fill my body with anxiety. I began to question who this imaginary friend of his was to him. It seemed odd that hed be so specific with the correlation between the pills and John. Is John someone his mental illness created? Intense thought came over me as I with. Just that it was completely manageable and that his medication kept everything in check. Andrews voice broke my train of thought as I changed my focus once more to him.
My mom took them away from me and John once, it made John very upset. I dont think hed hurt her. He liked her lot, her voice made him smile, but he was very angry when she took those away.

Something was strange, Ive never witnessed him act like this before.
Andrew, what are you saying? Who is John and why was he angry that your mother took your pills?
Andrew giggled, Hes John! Hes my friend, hed never hurt me, he tells me that all the time. Its the first thing he said when he came back. He said he needs them to keep me safe, he was angry that my mom took them. She must have wanted me to get hurt, she didnt care. Thats why John was angry.
Sweetie I paused for a moment, I dont know much about your mother, but Im sure she cared for you quite a bit.
I looked at him, and then back at the pill bottle and saw the date the pills where picked up.
Nervously I asked, You said John left? When did he come back?
Andrew began to think, IWell He never completely left me, he just shows up sometimes, and then goes away really quickly. But recently hes been back every night for the last month. He shows up to play with me more and more every day. Hes a very nice person to play with.
Has he not taken medication for a month? That must explain it; hes hearing voices, maybe hallucinating. Why did his prescription end, he clearly cant handle things without it. Perhaps thats where his father went in a hurry, to pick him up his new prescription. Although this late at night seems unlikely hell be able to get anything from any pharmacy around here.
Is John here with us now?
Andrew looked full of emotion. Smiling and giggling at the questions I asked. Of course hes not Grace. Id be playing with him if he was here. He looked me dead in the eyes, Hell like you; you remind me of my mom. He liked my mom a lot.But you shouldnt touch our pill bottles, hell still get angry. He can be scary when hes angry. My mom and dad both got upset when he was angry.
I was becoming frightened. I stood there frozen looking at Andrewss smile that stayed plastered on his face since he first mentioned John. This kid needs help; hes completely nuts without his medicine. Why wouldnt Mr. Claymore tell me he wasnt taking his medication before he left? 
I thought about how he mentioned that both his mom and dad got upset with John, and how his mother took his pills away. Why would she take the pills from her son? He needs them badly. John must be a character he made up in his head that his illness took a hold of. Perhaps the name to a voice in his head, or a hallucination that took on a personality. 
A creak from a car parking could be briefly heard from outside the house. Andrews smile grew larger than before.
That must be John, he told me hed be back soon to see me!
I looked in disbelief at him, Sweetie, thats probably just your dad. He said he wouldnt be out very long. Looking down at my watch I realize how late it had become. Oh wow buddy, you should have been in your pajamas by now and in bed. I lost track of the time.
I cant go to sleep yet, John told me to stay up for him. Hes coming to see me tonight.
The front door stayed quiet; there was no movement, no sound other than an occasional creepy giggle from Andrew, who stood there ecstatic for who was here. I stood there, uneasy, and wanting Mr. Claymore to get home so I could just leave. Thats when I saw a shadowed movement from behind the front door. Two barely visible eyes appeared on the other side of the door window. I couldnt make out who it was, but Andrews manic excitement about John left an uneasy feeling in the pit of my stomach. The doorknob started to turn, very slowly, until the door was cracked opened. 
MrMr. Claymore is that you? 
A hunched figure sulked into the house and looked me directly in the eyes. His face was pale, and he was panting deeply and slowly, as if out of breath. There was a definite look of panic in his eyes. Andrews smile turned slowly back to the emotionless appearance that he had when I first got there for the night. 
He looked disappointed and whispered under his breath, Its not him, he isnt here yet. He said he would be here.
The hunched figure straightened his composure and spoke to me, Y-y-yes Grace, y-yes, its me.
Mr. Claymore stood in front of me by the front door. Something was wrong with him; he appeared frightened, worse than before he left. The entire situation left me only with a feeling of needing to leave and escape the house.Thank you Grace, you can leave now if youd Mr. Claymore started to say something to me but abruptly stopped mid sentence as he was staring at my hand. Why do you have that!? Where are the pills? 
Taken aback at the change in demeanor he had for me, I looked down to see that I completely forgot that I was still holding the empty pill bottle.
W-what, wait no I quickly got my nerves back to respond, Im sorry sir. It was sitting on the kitchen counter. It was empty already. I was just looking at it I swear.
Mr. Claymores eye burned with anger as he screamed at me, WHERE ARE THE PILLS?! WHERE ARE THEY?! He began to panic, tears started running down his face. No no no no no!! This isnt happening, those are important, you must have taken them, you must have You had to. GIVE ME THEM BACK!
Completely horrified I stood there frozen, still as a statue. Ive never heard anyone yell like this. He sounded violent, like a cornered wounded animal. His face, Ive never seen such intensity and anger, yet fear at the same time.
I worked up some courage with tears starting to build up in my eyes and said, MrMr. Claymore please, I promise you I didnt take them. It was empty I promise. The The prescription is old; Andrew should have used them all up by now. Please Im telling you the truth, you are scaring me.
He ran quickly into the living room and turned the television up and turned up the volume very loud. The Television station was just a fuzzy screen with white noise; he didnt have it on any specific channel. I slowly walked to the entrance of the living room and looked at him. He looked deep in thought. His hands were on his forehead and as he looked at the floor.
Sir. I softly spoke to him, Whats going on? He looked up at me, never blinking once. I continued, Andrew has been saying really weird things about someone named John and that he hasnt taken his medication in a month. Something is going on, and Id like you to tell what it is. I paused, or Id like to leave here. You are scaring me and I am so confused and freaked out right now.

A smile appeared on his face and be began to laugh very softly, Andrew told you those things did he? He looked around the room and into the kitchen. Where is Andrew? His smile grew larger after he said that. I quickly looked around to see that Andrew was no where around. Andrew, sweetie? Where are you? Whered you go?
The power to the living room went out, the change in light made me jump with a shriek. AH! Oh my god Im sorry, I said with a pant, I didnt mean to scream.The power in the rest of the house was still working; just the living room power was out. Mr. Claymore, smile still on his face, began to speak in a deeper voice than before. Haha, isnt that just like him to do this.
L-like who sir? To do what? 
The only sound in the entire house was the footsteps of Mr. Claymore walking towards the front door. 
Why do you think the power went out in just one room of the house, just as Andrew disappeared?
Does this have to do with John?
He reached the front door and locked both locks on the door. John? No no no. This wasnt John. Andrew is in the garage, hes at the fuse box. He turned this rooms power off. No, no, John couldnt have done this.
I started to back up towards the kitchen to put some more space between me and him. I couldnt find any words to say, and he continued on.
But John showed him how, and Im sure told him when. John is not a very nice man, and cant stand the sound of what I had on the television. It keeps him away, sometimes.
Looking around I searched for potential exits if things started to get out of control.
Sir, Mr. Claymore, I would like to leave now. I want to..
A higher pitch voice interrupted me, I looked beside me and saw Andrew standing there smiling again, 
John is almost here, you cant leave now. You have to meet him.
I looked up at Mr. Claymore who now had his hands back over his face and forehead, his smile seemingly appearing and fading away every few seconds. His voice as he began to speak started to crack between a lower voice and a normal one. 
You really do have a sweet voice dear Grace. I can hear her in every word you speak, my wife. He looked over to Andrew now, Give me the pills, I know you hid them. You need to get them Andrew, RIGHT NOW!
His voice made every muscle in my body tremble.
Daddy, its ok, John told me where to put them so that we always know where they are. When John gets here, hell show you where they are. 
Andrews smile never looked more genuine, an opposite feeling to what was going on. Tears started to fall from my eyes, Please Mr. Claymore, I want to leave, let me leave or I will have to call the police.Andrews voice broke in giggling as he said it, Silly Grace, John hates phones. Dont be mad, Ill give it back, but I took it out of your purse. I hid it where John told me to.
John knew I was coming here?
He knows you; he knows that daddy likes your voice and reminds us both of mommy. He told me he wanted to meet you, just like mommy did before she died.
Mr. Claymores hands slowly started to drift off his face, his smile bigger than it was before. I looked at Andrew.
Andrew, I need you to go get the pills you hid sweetie, my voice stuttering as I held anymore tears from falling, Sweetie you need to go get the pills and you need to take one. You are not well right now. You need to take one and go bring the others to your father. Please.
Andrew looked at me confused, Daddy? But daddy isnt here anymore.
Before I could respond, an incredibly deep voice echoed down the hallway. Oh Andrew shouldnt take those things, he doesnt need them. In fact he hasnt taken a single one of those nasty things in years. Daniel thought he could keep tricking everyone like thatBut it came back to bite him, Andrew was evaluated and taken off them.
Mr. Claymore, what are 
Mr. who? Oh you must mean Daniel. He looked over at Andrew, Why dont you go wait for me in your room while I talk to your mommy.
Andrew smiled, Alright John, I knew you would like her. 
Andrew looked up at my horrified face and smiled before he ran up the stairs and out of sight.
I looked back over at Mr. Claymore, Please I dont know whats going on right now, but Im not his mother, Im just a babysitter. 
He started to walk towards me, but my legs couldnt move. I was a stone cold statue. Fear incapacitating my entire body. He started to hum what sounded like a childs lullaby until he came within 3 feet of me.
You wont replace her, no matter how much Daniel likes you. You remind him of her.
I-Im n-not trying to replace a-anyone. Still unable to move my body I screamed this time, IM JUST A BABYSITTER.Please go away, please, tears were now running down my face. Please let me leave.
His smile never left his face and he wasnt blinking. Those pills she took from us, they were Daniels. He didnt want anyone to know about...well about me. She took them from us and was going to tell people. Tell them that I was unsafe, that Daniel was stealing and lying to keep me a secret from everyone.I dislike the pills, I admit, they keep me away from Daniel. But she was going to tell people and have me taken away from Daniel, have me taken away FROM ANDREW! No, no, no No I couldnt let that happen. I decided that Andrew shouldnt have to be raised by SUCH an incompetent parent. To take ME away. So I took her away and left Andrew with just me and Daniel. He paused for a moment before violently grabbing my arm. Now its just me and Andrew. 
Stop it! I screamed, Help! SOMEONE HELP ME!
John pulled me to him and placed me in a headlock, choking me.
You sound like her, did you know that? 
My vision became blurry as I gasped for breath. He leaned in to my ear and I could feel his warm breath as he chuckled.
Haha, he doesnt need you, Im all he needs. And just as I began to black out I heard him whisper, Which means you are worthless us.
Everything went black. I began to wake up feeling disoriented and groggy. I was confused, Everything was dark, there were no lights from any buildings. Two soft walls were on either side of me and thats when I felt something land on my stomach, almost knocking the wind out of me. I regained my breath only to feel the same thing again. My vision cleared up and I looked around to see dirt on top of me. I couldnt move my arms or legs. They seemed to be tied up. I screamed as loud as I possibly could.
HELP, SOMEBODY HELP ME!
I looked up to see in horror that Mr. Claymore, or John standing at the top of a hole with a shovel.

She woke up before I was done too. You two really are alike. Even in death you share a grave.
As he said that I panicked and look to the other side of my body to see something white. I screamed in terror as I saw the skeleton of a woman next to me in the hole. I turned my face back up and tried to scream again, but was met with the large force of a shovel hitting my face. 
I didnt want to silence your beautiful voice, but we cant make too much of a commotion out here Grace. Andrew will be just fine without either of you. Ill take care of him. Daniel wont have a say anymore.
I could hear John humming that lullaby again as I felt more dirt get piled up on top of me. My arms and legs tied up, unable to move. Now my jaw was broken and head was disoriented. I began to feel tears fall down my face mixing with the blood from my open cut by the shovel strike. The dirt covered my face and I stayed conscious until I felt a large amount of weight from the dirt on me. His humming slowly became faint. Im going to die. Im going to die. One more tear left my eye, being absorbed by the dirt on top of me. His humming was the stayed in my mind, hearing it play over and over into darkness.