I stare intensely at nothing as I ponder the question posed to me, thinking back to the things I've heard, seen and done. It's a simple question, but one with depth that that could be thought upon for hours.

I remember the day I enlisted in the Armed Forces and was sent to boot camp. I had always been a fairly physical guy but nothing could prepare you for that hell, or the hell that was to follow. Between my muscles screaming for respite daily, the drill sergeant barking orders and the horrific hazing from my supposed "brothers-in-arms", I wasn't off to a very happy start of my career.

It wasn't all bad though. I did meet someone who helped me out. Daniel McAfee was a small town deputy before joining the military. "Danno" we called him, after the cop from that one show. He hated that name.

Eventually we were both fully sworn into the 29th Infantry Division based out of Fort Belvoir in Virginia. I was ecstatic to be out of that training base, but the feeling didn't last long once we were finally sent out on our first deployment in Cambodia.

There was an uprising among the people over the way the government dealt with the people in their logging industry. Communism was gaining a foothold and we were sent in to "protect free choice." Looking back, it wasn't about helping an ally or the people their. They wanted communism, we wanted to keep our bases in the region safe so we could have a quick response should North Korea or China try anything. Which, in a way, they already were.

We went in expecting to be fighting farmers with sticks and bows at best, not a fully functioning rebel army supplied by the PLA. We didn't expect them to be trained in tactical manoeuvres an jungle warfare. We didn't expect them to outnumber us four to one.

We didn't expect an RPG to slam into our APC, killing half my squad before we fired a single shot.

I remember the ringing in my ears driving me insane to the point where I couldn't feel the heat of the fire. Luckily, Danno dragged me out by my collar before I knew what was really going on. After I heard a couple rounds ping off the side of our million dollar hunk of scrap, we just ran. I know it's wrong and dishonourable or whatever, but after the reception we just got, my mind said "fuck it, we're leaving."

A hundred yards into the jungle, however, we had to dodge bullets again. Not many though, it seemed like there was a straggler or someone making sure no one snuck up on them. Out of pure instinct I I just fired into the trees until I heard something hit the ground. Danno and I went to check it out and I got one of them. Right through the head, lucky shot. Or so it seemed. We turned the body over to check for anything we could use and out hearts dropped.

It wasn't a man, it was a boy. No older than sixteen, probably younger. Here I was, some stranger in a foreign land and my first kill is a kid with enough conviction and dedication to his ideals that he'd pick up a gun and risk his life. "Join the military! You might accidentally kill a kid!" Not exactly a winning slogan.

Things didn't get much better after that either. Fought some more battles, killed some more faceless enemies that I knew nothing about for no other reason than "because I was told to", saw more friends die in front of me.

The question still running through my mind, I think back to another time. Years later, we were stationed in Uzbekistan, a smaller country that ninety percent of the western world wouldn't be able to point out on a map. No idea why we were there, probably oil or some such bullshit.

We were all having a break on one on the forward bases. It was hot so we took all our gear off and were just sitting around drinking water and swapping stories. Everything was going fine, we were having a good time. The only thing we were missing was a slightly homoerotic volleyball match. Not that there's anything wrong with that, I just don't like volleyball.

Let me tell you, I was not expecting to look over at Danno and have that big smile on his face he always wore suddenly disappear in a pink mist as a fifty cal round punched through his skull.

There I sat, slack jawed and wide eyed covered in my friend's brain. The only thing that snapped me out of it was when we finally heard the report of the rifle. Twenty minutes later, we were under a full attack. The mess hall was on fire, the front gates were broken down and I was watching my CO lay on a grenade to save the rest of the squad. I don't remember much after that as a tank shell flipped a jeep onto my legs, crushing them beyond use. I passed out from the shock and woke up two days later in a field hospital to a nurse telling me I was going home for good.

I snap back from my memories and adjust myself in the wheelchair I've been confined to. I rub my face with my hand, feeling the wrinkles that make my fifty five year old self look eighty. I run my thumb around the childproof lid of the pills I take that are supposed to suppress my nightmares, even though I still wake up screaming every once in a while. I snap back to reality when my grandson repeats the question.

"Papa, did you hear me? I asked if you had any good war stories!" He says innocently. I look at him with a thin, fake smile.

"No." There's no such thing.

--------

I've been considering joining the army lately as it's something I've wanted to do my entire life. I tend to work out my fears for decisions through writing and I liked how this one turned out, so I decided to post it. Hope you liked it!