Her heart was broken, it was torn apart. She knelt upon the floor and her heart was in pieces. Distraught, she looked for comfort, anything that would remove her from this despair. A glimmer of light in the darkness, but no, she was destined to remain like this, in pain, physical pain. Her heart continued to pulsate, as if to taunt her, to mock her, You will suffer! Her eyes stung with tears as she begged for forgiveness, as she contemplated death. She brushed the hair from her eyes as it hit her again, wave upon wave of relentless suffering, How could I be so stupid? she cried aloud. It was pitiful. She opened her eyes to see the mirror lying upon the floor, it was broken. Fuck it! She thought, I'm disgusting. I'm ugly. I'm a waste of breath, she hated herself more than anything. 

In here time seemed to sit still, she may have been in this position for minutes, for hours, but time no longer mattered. She was alone and suffering, was it my fault? This question remained unanswered. She picked up the knife, she drew her gaze to her wrist and slowly she pierced her arm. In one swift movement she slashed the skin and felt the blood trickle down her arm. It felt good, the pain distracted her, even if it was momentary, it felt good, it was a beautiful release. As she held the knife, she stood up, blood dripped from the recent wound.

She picked up the broken mirror, set it against the wall and sat before it. She looked at her face. It was her and yet it wasn't. Dark hair against pale skin, she looked gaunt. Her piercing blue eyes shone back at her, she pleaded for someone to take her place. She was desperate, she pleaded, God? Let me be someone else, anyone else. Silence. She lashed out. She couldn't contain herself. The mirror shattered, as the knife fell to the floor. It was over, she had no doubts in that regard. She collapsed to her knees and her eyes welled up, she struggled to draw breath. Tears trickled onto her knees, just one week ago she had been happy, careless and free, now she was a prisoner, shackled to her thoughts, her relentless thoughts. 

She picked up the bottle of pills, they would take the pain away. She shook it, it was empty, she shook it again and frustrated she threw it, it disappeared beneath the bed. Of course the pills never stopped the pain, they delayed it, warped reality and in a way, made her forget, but that was temporary relief. She laid flat on the floor and looked towards the ceiling. She began to sing, it was an old song she took comfort in, she wasn't religious but it had been consoling in the past. Her voice was cracked and full of sorrow, Why should I feel discouraged? Why should the shadows come? Why should my heart be lonely? and at this she choked up. My heart is lonely? She contemplated this several times in her head. She could no longer be comforted. It wasn't that she was lonely, she was rejected, her heart, which was once full of love and laughter, was torn from her chest, ripped to shreds and returned to her in tatters.

She was tired, she was drained and she was sore. Her eyes closed over and she began to drift to sleep. Her thoughts were becoming dreams, and her fractured state of mind, couldn't distinguish the difference. She needed to rest, but even in her dreams she couldn't escape reality, her own face swam before her as she was plunged into a deep abyss, she began to fade to black, she was suffocating, drowning and she jerked awake. She roared God, take me, take my heart, take my soul. I'm yours, but there was no reply. From the corner of the room she heard a snigger, a snarling voice, You're mine. It was true, she had given up, she welcomed death and finally when she had no more to give, she fell into a deep sleep, a dreamless sleep. Here she was safe, even from herself.

Finally she awoke, she was confused and disorientated. There was one glistening moment where she had forgot the pain. Her heart sank and slowly reality began to creep up on her, the darkness was descending, her soul was being crushed. She let out a heavy sigh. Why did she feel like this? Why did her heart break? Why wouldn't she stop hurting? Alas this was because of him.
