Part One

 So the blood was boiling again. When I say boiling, what I want you to imagine is the feeling derived from being hamstrung, then persecuted. 

 His blood was boiling! Painful jolting spasms wrangled around his neck, into his jaw, over his shoulders, through his chest. All of her words, her nasty, hurtful, self sacrificially hypocritical words caused him to swoon in the impudence of another meaningless hormonal argument.

 He wasnt a good father, although he offered many times to tend to the little one, and never shied away from that responsibility when asked. She accused him of walking out too often, and as she finished her statement, she turned brazenly and walked away. The little lies she told herself to smooth out jagged spikes of reality amounted to a paper-thin cover with which she clad herself daily; lovingly tending to it like a ranch hand closing gaps in a fence. 

 Truthfully, he was sick of her nagging, of the negativity she condoned only to herself, racking him if he had the least negative thought. Putting up with her and her past had been so devastating to him emotionally that he now lived in its shadow. Everyday was another step on the death march, an addition to that cancerous swelling mass he knew only as life.

 Unable to grasp his own thoughts, frothing only with hers, he sat down and wrote the letter:
 
Kim,

 I thought you should have a chance to be happy. Somehow I dont think you could get to that place with me, so this is the best answer to our problem. Please give her a chance to be happy, too. For myself, I havent felt good for a long time, maybe since our honeymoon. That isnt your fault, it just seems to true at the moment. 

 I did this in the bathtub so you wouldnt have to worry about cleaning up after. Here at the end there are so many regrets. I so badly wish we could just talk. You would understand, I would understand, and all of the years we didnt know any better would just disappear. Please let her know that none of this is her fault... none of it is your fault, or moms fault. 

 Dont show her this letter.

 Daniel

  Tears hit the paper. Words poured out of him in these last minutes, but none of them seemed right for the letter. After reading and rereading the page ten...twenty...a hundred times, he was ready to do it. 



  Late summer of 2008 he took a gun safety course, and fell in love with target shooting. Having a small collection of rifles, and one handgun made him feel like a modest enthusiast. For a brief time, she shared the interest, although her interests were always fleeting, and so it was hard for him to have a passionate connection with her on any one subject. He tried to indulge her interests, buying gifts of supplies for painting, or knitting, or offering to build her a table for her crafts. None of it settled into her mind for more than a month or two, so his efforts felt wasted.

  Lately it had been difficult to find 9mm cartridges, but a lucky purchase as a sporting goods store promised to get him back at the range, as soon as it could be managed.

 Too bad, He thought, looking at the small assortment of rifle and 9mm cartridges. He pressed five rounds into the clip, then he snorted out a laugh and removed four bullets, tucking them back into their plastic cartridge holder. Sitting on the edge of the tub, the shower billowing hot water and steam onto his legs and feet, he pulled the handgun up from his side. It was heavy. Daniel cleared his mind, readying himself for the final defeat of conscience. 

  I love you Jo. I love you Kim, I love you Mom.
 
  She heard the shot from the bedroom. The baby screamed with fear. 


Part Two

  Once when he was seven his mother left him him the middle of the day with his grandmother. She never returned for him, and he mostly forgot her. Many days before that he had spent his time huddled in the corner of his mothers apartment watching her being beaten by different boyfriends. She promised so many times he wouldnt have to life in fear anymore, but she let them back in over and over. 

  Out of love, he tried to protect her from them, grabbing their legs as they chased her down, being flung against walls for the trouble. Sometimes he would be locked on the balcony in his underwear while they fought. To his mother, and her boyfriends, hearing the muffled screams was better than hearing them outright. 

  He grew up meek, and sheltered, trying to do good in hopes of proving he was worthy of love. His life ended after 32 years. 