After Mother turned off the lights and closed the door, Chopper came out from hiding and prowled carefully around Benjamin's bed.

"All tucked in I see," the small, gray-skinned creature said once it had completed its inspection. It grinned ruefully, serrated, shark-like teeth gleaming in the dim yellow glow of the street light outside Benjamin's window. "I keep hoping you'll leave something sticking out, but you never do. Not that I expect it after all this time, but I can always wish."

Benjamin nodded. He knew the rules. Chopper wasn't allowed to bite anything off unless it stuck out from under the covers and past the edge of the mattress. Benjamin was always very careful.

 "Yep, I keep wishing," Chopper continued. "Why, if wishes were fingers, I'd be the fattest Chopper in town!" It laughed, a sound like metal scraping glass. Abruptly it fell silent, wandering over to stand casually by the bed. Benjamin tried not to wrinkle his nose. Chopper smelled like a dead bird left too long in the hot sun.

"You'll be thirteen next week," it said. "Pretty old to still believe in monsters." It hesitated before lowering its voice and saying, "I've got to tell you, Ben, I'm getting ready to leave."

"Leave?" Benjamin repeated, a sick feeling swelling in the pit of his stomach.

Chopper nodded reluctantly. "Things just aren't the same. I mean, you're still scared and all, but the thrill is gone. And you're too careful. Way too careful. Most kids would've made a mistake by now, but not you." It paused and sighed. "I think it's time."

Benjamin swallowed hard. Who would he talk to if Chopper left? He'd lost count of the number of times he'd begged his parents to let him go to a real school, instead of teaching him at home. The kids in the neighborhood wouldn't have anything to do with him. His older brother Samuel was gone. If Chopper left, he'd truly be alone. "You're really leaving, Chopper?"

"Yeah," Chopper said, sounding resigned. "What has it been? Six years? Not once have you let anything stick out." It clasped its large, long-fingered hands over its withered stomach. "Do you how hungry I am?"

Benjamin felt a pang of guilt. He hadn't considered Chopper's feelings, he'd only thought of himself. His parents always told him to think of others. Reverend Mills said the same thing in his sermons. Mrs. Shettley taught it in Bible class. He'd been selfish and selfishness was a sin.

"What I wouldn't give for a hand, or even a finger or toe," Chopper said wistfully, luminous yellow eyes half-closed. It grimaced and shook its head. "But it's time to move on. Before long, you won't believe, and then where will I be? When you stop believing.... Well, I can't take that chance."

"I'll always believe in you, Chopper. Always."

"You say that now, but soon you'll be singing a different song. It'll start slow. You won't even notice, or me either, and then one day you'll stop, just like that, and then what? I'll fizzle, that's what."

"Really, Chopper." Benjamin's voice caught and he swallowed past the lump in his throat. His eyes burned. "Really. I won't stop. I mean... without you...."

Chopper grimaced. "I know, I know. And I feel bad. I mean, you don't have any friends, no one to talk to, or play with, or anything. No one likes you." It stepped closer, its rotten-egg breath warm on Benjamin's face. "Except me. I like you, Ben." Its bony shoulders moved like sticks under its mottled skin as it shrugged. "But what choice do I have? I have a life too, you know. I can't always put you first."

Benjamin tried to hold back the tears and failed. He turned away so Chopper wouldn't see.

Chopper's voice turned soothing. "Hey, hey, listen, I didn't mean to make you cry."

Benjamin sniffled, reaching carefully up from beneath the covers to wipe his cheeks. "You're right, you are the only one who likes me. And what have I given you in return? Nothing."

"Oh, that's not true! I've seen you every night for six years. We're like friends. We talk. We know each other. That's something, right?"

"I guess," Benjamin answered, still sniffling.

"Sure it is. Come on now."

Benjamin resisted another surge of tears and almost won.

"Listen, Ben. It's not like I want to leave. I have to. Before you stop believing. You understand, don't you?"

Those were the same words Samuel had said the night he'd left. He'd sat on the edge of Benjamin's bed, his fifteen-year old face alight with excitement and fear. "I have to go, Ben. I don't want to, but I can't live the way they want, with all their rules. Someday you might feel the same." Benjamin, only seven, hadn't said anything. Samuel had stood, ruffled Benjamin's hair, climbed out the window, and disappeared from Benjamin's life. 

"You understand, don't you?" Chopper asked again.

"Yes," Benjamin said, though he really didn't. Why would a brother leave a brother, or a friend leave a friend? If he ever had a friend, he'd never leave.

Chopper nodded brusquely, the flesh of its thin, baggy neck wobbling from the weight of its huge head. "Let's not drag it out then. You've been a challenge, Ben. Most kids, I can get them at least once. Not you. You were too good for me. Never let anything stick out, no matter what."

Ben felt pride at Chopper's praise. He quickly squashed it. Pride was one of the seven deadlies, everyone knew that.

Chopper was watching him closely. It held out its long-fingered hand. The sharp edges of its teeth glittered as it smiled. "I'll miss you, Ben."

Benjamin sat up, the covers falling to his waist. He looked at Chopper's hand, then at the creature's round, inscrutable face. Was it his imagination, or were its wide, oval eyes glistening with tears?

"I'll miss you too, Chopper," Benjamin said, trying to sound like a man. He took a deep breath and slowly, hesitantly, reached out to shake Chopper's hand.