Valentine's day

 
Today is the day most people are looking forward to at least those who are couples.
I myself are on my way home , recently quit work for the day.
am i not excited for this day?
how could i be , it's not like i'm in a relationship or anything it's not like there is something special about it.
Yet i feel so empty inside , like a piece of me is gone, may just be the weather that's affecting me.
I should buy some milk before i go home so i can atleast have something to eat with in the morning. 
Why am i like this, why do i still bother myself with this feeling , i should get my head straight but the heart won't listen, like it has its own thoughts which i beyond my control.
As i was walked near the store with distracted thoughts i mistakenly stumble upon a girl. 
I've never seen a girl like her, her looks just blew my mind away. As i was amazed by her looks i didn't notice that made her drop her purse.I quickly got a hold of myself together and bent over to pick up the purse and hand it over to her. I apologized for walking in to her, but i couldn't hear what she was saying , i was just so amazed my heart started pumping more than ever and a warm sensation went throughout my whole body.
The girl lay her hand on my shoulder which made me snap. She said it was okay that i mistakenly walked into her.
As soon as i shaked my head i walked straight into the grocery store.
What have i done, is this how im?
why couldn't i be more polite , should have asked her name at least. Well i guess it's too late now, i blew the slightest chance i had to make this day better but i blew it.
While i was walking around in the store looking for some milk i saw her standing at the meat section. 
Is it her?, could it be she was heading here as well. 
Should i go talk to her?, no i shouldnt it will be awkward probably. I just want to go my way but somehow i can't resist myself from the thought of walking up to her. My palms are sweating , why are they sweating damn it.
The milk in my hand became warm from all the burning sensation i have inside.
She walks up to the cashier to pay for her groceries and i still stood still and looked at her when she was about to go away. I quickly moved to the express cashier so i could reach to her before she leaves.
She starts walking away and i'm just stressing myself out on an express machine. 
I could see how the doors to the grocery stores open as she was about to leave the store.
I quickly ran up to her. 
Wait! i shouted.
She turns around.
She looks directly into my eyes , why can't i handle i direct face to face contact , i need to get a grip of myself.
As i took a big breath i asked her of her name.
Jessy she replied with a smiling face.
I yet again asked for forgiveness for earlier incident. 
She responded gratefully and said that's nothing i should worry about. 
I only have this chance to make this right i thought to myself.
I builded up my courage and asked her out for a coffee if it was alright with her. 
She responds with an cheerful yes!
The empty feeling i felt earlier today felt is no longer present, i guess all i needed was a warm touch from an girl.
Even Though the day started badly it ended up good.
I guess you just have to be yourself and build up the courage to do what is needed in an awkward situation

The End
