[Part 2](https://www.reddit.com/r/shortstories/comments/47cls8/mfparadiseatesoja/)

June 28th 2011, just a shade under midnight, when Kae and I were exhaling memories. In these memories I was so different. I was simple and I miss who I was. Considering how much change I would go through soon would make me age a decade.


When the clock hit 11:30 I was to be connected with my new team in ahakin, Nja'Pokalaa. It was time I walked into the transfer port, but not before assuring Kae Id be fine.


I wasnt afraid of danger, I was afraid she was afraid. It didnt do much to assure her that I had never gone through basic training, let alone advanced training, which was all my choice.


As the transfer port activated I closed my eyes and began to feel transparent and light. The sensations lasted for a few seconds until I blacked out, only to awake in another transfer port. I was released and met by a soldier outfitted in full winter combat armour, who introduced himself as Anjaki Bruj. He led me to my equipment and uniform that was contained in a module in the wall, which I hastily acquired.


The gear was interesting, although not foreign to me as I see active combat units go through our village quite often; I hadnt gone through basic to understand its components. Anjaki gave me a crash course on the equipment and I was soon ready. I was led through softly lit hallways within the facility to large indoor concourse between three hangers. In the concourse was my team consisting of people I knew from my village. Lincy, our squad leader, Solja, our navigator and comms, Kjrel and Amaki, riflemen, Anjaki, our marksman, and me, a rifleman.


It was a comfort seeing familiar faces, except for Anjaki, who was a transfer due to his entire unit being wiped out. After a quick safety and procedure review we boarded a transport. I felt uneasy seeing it as it was severely scarred by small arms burns, anti armour, and deep scratches caused by from what one can only assume to enemy bioengineered subjects. Kjrel noticed my concern and stated that its quite normal for aircraft and ground vehicles alike around here. He then smiled, barring his teeth which resemble that of a beast, sharp long canines and many which are as normal for these people as water is drinkable.


I didnt understand his comment until we left the safe zone which from that moment we met anti aircraft fire, but it didnt last too long. Lincy, smiled, chuckled and said Kae slept through these attacks quite often a comment which drew a weak smiled from my rigid face. A smile that was effortlessly subdued by the thought of Kae. I missed her. It hadnt been two hours from seeing her.
We soon reached our landing. It was frigid and still. Air that doesnt move is nothing more than a burden on the senses, but it was a beautiful moment accompanied by the lush bioluminescent vegetation that provided a vivid contrast to the tundra like climate we were subjected to.


We moved through the flora quietly until we came upon wreckage. It mustve been downed a while ago as it was frosted over. It was an enemy transport.


After we sanitized the proximity we began our investigation. The curious piece of this scene was that the aircraft wasnt externally damaged, and the crew of two, which shouldve been five, was shot where they sat. Unfortunately probably victims of our Special Forces during an in flight overhead raid.


I looked at them, their faces and head protected from the elements, cold and corruption in the air by a helmet and closed-circuit respirators save for their eyes. Eyes exposed and fierce. I wasnt anything like my team; I wasnt anything like this enemy. I didnt deserve to be amongst soldiers seasoned and enlightened by a war their parents knew and countless generations from before knew. A war to protect my nave and ignorant race.
I observed the bodies a moment more, even in death they were powerful. They would rip a human to pieces. I felt dangerously inferior in every way, so inadequate now. Lincy motioned us to tread on, and after a while without pause we heard a low droning sound so we held. I felt incredibly tense hearing this. We didn't know whether it was malevolent or not. Couple that with magnetic engines producing a slight infrasound frequency. A phenomenon that can affect humans potently. My team, however, remained calm.


We then saw them hover on by and noticed they were only a NjaPokalaai armour column. The Nja'Pokalaai were friendlies. The lead armour came to a low droning idle that made the ground vibrate as Lincy and Amaki ran up. The commander exited the rear entrance, allowing us to see the soldiers packed in the transport compartment, and the three of them exchanged a few words and parted.We continued on for a bit through the still air, the tanks long away now, until we came upon a partly frozen stream and under the surface luminescent runoff from a nearby cave flowed.
We followed the stream until we discovered a small compound bunker. Lincy motioned to us with her hand over her mouth, signaling us to mask up, or mount our respirators. After doing so Amaki and Lincy formed on a gaping hole on the side on the compound. After a brief inspection, Lincy motioned us to form up in unison.


We slowly entered into the darkness and I activated my optical enhancers. They, however, did not need to, for they could naturally see in darkness. I could see a clean orderly environment within the compound, devoid of life. Solja radioed in the situation and we moved on.


Another while burned on by as we moved through the thick vegetation until we heard explosions that made the still air tremble. As we neared the source we began to hear the magnetic actions of energy weapons firing. Now, I was never informed of our direct destination, but once we came to it I wasnt all that surprised to see Sjumakoi, a grand decrepit airbase with a subterranean facility that rivals most large cities on Earth.
Sjumakoi, which means paradise, was nothing of a paradise anymore. It was in ruins from a hundred years of war. It mustve been beautiful judging on the remains of fountains, rivers and intricate layout. I didnt understand its value. It wasnt repairable and certainly wasnt serviceable. To me and many others it was a useless spot of interest on the military lense of the world. Lincy ordered us to form up and infiltrate through a breach in between the boundaries. As we moved in through the ruins we would come across wrecked armour, damaged in ways unimaginable, blood, and downed transports. We never found any bodies though, which meant we were behind somebody's lines.


We prowled ahead and suddenly dust and stone shot out from wall parallel to our position, followed by another, and another, we returned fire and made our way to a gutted building. Once we entered the building the shooting ceased. As Lincy and Solja were identifying the location of the shooter(s), Anjaki spotted three combatants in a building to our left and notified Solja to retrieve an overhead strike. We waited or a moment when the building in question was leveled followed by a fighter craft droning over.
The pilot held as defensive stance overhead and we began to move out segment by segment when a single enemy armour unit droned near prompting the fighter to pursue it. After the fighter dropped the armour two enemy fighter craft quickly deterred our over watch and they gave chase with deafening speed. As we continued to venture out we started taking light fire from three directions and my team returned fire from behind rubble. I didnt, I dont know what happened until I was knocked down by Amaki then felt a concussive wave shatter the world. We survived the blast and he moved me behind a wall, told me to hold here and he returned to firing.


The situation was decaying rapidly as the incoming fire intensified.I sat and stared off to the rear feeling helpless. I saw movement through the haze and realized we were about to be surrounded entirely. I ran up to a wall further up for a closer aim. I took aim at a soldier moving in very close, unaware of my presence, and right when took the shot I was knocked down.


Another enemy soldier had flanked me. He picked me up and threw me at the wall and in my daze I see him brandish his rifle and take aim at my head, with the other enemy soldier coming up behind him. Something made me move as he fired, and something made him lose his footing on the already unstable ground, and in that moment I got my rifle and took several shots in his direction until he fell. It wasnt a dramatic moment. It was linear. I felt nothing but life. I immediately scanned for the other soldier but he mustve moved on by before I dropped the other.


The frigid air was still filled with gunfire and I rejoined my team, who were alive but heavily outnumbered but holding. I learned that friendly reinforcements were very near to our left and rear. I could hear them fighting for a path to us. Over head support leveled two buildings to our right, diluting the offense drastically. As reinforcing units began to trickle in to us, enemy fire increased tremendously and my team began to fall back.
In the haze Kjrel was shot in the thigh and chest, and Lincy and I pulled him to cover. A medic from the reinforcing unit came up and began to apply medical. As we scanned our proximity I feel a heavy force shove me into the wall a few feet away.


I get back on my feet but I couldnt breathe as if Im being constricted. I suddenly feel cold in my chest, colder than the ice outside my body. The medic tells Lincy to watch over Kjrel and rushes to me. He started detaching the torso segment of my armour when I fell unconscious.
June 30th, morning I awake in a medical facility to see Amaki and Kjrel in treatment. A medic walked in with food followed by Kae and Kjrels wife, Sinaly, also a close friend. I was o.k. now. We all ate and I was allowed to walk after a moment. Kae held my hand as I got up and through her touch I could sense her relief.



Im grateful for the advanced medical technology they have. When I took a few laps around the warm breezy courtyard with Kae and the medic I felt odd, I didnt feel happy, I felt distant. Things calmed down, Kae slept after several intervals of no sleep.
Lincy was back home with us, singing songs in her native tongue to herself and cooking her usual dishes. Kjrel healed up and came back home the day I did. Amaki was fine but stayed in the facility a bit longer due to the food being too good. Over a short time I had a million thoughts, questions and feelings. They scrambled my mind. It was only the beginning though. I needed to accept that.