My father was one of the three astronauts aboard the historic Apollo 17 team, the last to touch the surface of the moon, on December 11th, 1972. For the sake of his reputation and my familys, I wont disclose any further details regarding his identity. Its been over forty years since that fateful journey. Though there have been those willing to risk their lives for a share of the most exclusive view in the solar system, there will most likely never be a manned trip to our planets closest celestial object again. 

Growing up I always knew something about my father was different. Beyond the fact that he was an astronaut of course. I was always wary what that unique and unsettling perspective and solitude had done to him. He has always been open about his experiences around the barbeque and campfire, confident enough to joke about the man on the moon and its cheese-based crust, but I always knew he was hiding something. He never joined us at the beach or in the Jacuzzi. He never let us camp anywhere beyond the sight of civilization. On occasion I could hear him late at night, sobbing by the window sill in his study, staring up into the sky on clear winter nights. Either fearful or longing for something. As his panic attacks increased in severity and persistence with age, I grew more confident that his trip hadnt been as uneventful as he let on. 

After receiving my Masters in Astrophysics, I achieved a minor goal of mine to follow in my fathers footsteps by applying to the space program at NASA. My family held a small celebration to commemorate the event. Balloons shaped like space shuttles, a Buzz Aldrin piata, and an ice-cream cake. Basically any nerds dream party despite the absence of Dungeons and Dragons. It was a great day that turned into a long night. After most of the guests had left, my father pulled me aside. I hadnt noticed, but as soon as I saw him up close I could see the terror behind his eyes. He stumbled over his words, which was unusual for a man as overtly confident as my father. 

After collecting his thoughts, he took me into his study, the walls lined with photographs from his days in the Apollo program. He stood near the corner of the room staring up at a photo of the Apollo 17 crew on the surface of the moon, his eyes as cold and desolate as that hard, lifeless floating rock. He lifted his right hand up to the surface of the picture, visible tremors shook his aging fingertips as he removed the wooden frame to reveal a safe hiding amongst the labyrinth of historical portraits. 

The muffled silence that filled the room gave weight to an already claustrophobic atmosphere. My father stammered to himself as he twisted and turned the safes dial back and forth, clearly impaired by both a fading memory and his trembling physique. After what seemed like an eternity, the metal panel creaked open, revealing an old cassette tape shrouded in the shadows of the unmolested depository. He motioned for me to grab the old cassette player from the other room. I stumbled out of the door, scraping my knees on the corners of a house I had grown up in and could probably traverse blindfolded. In that moment I wasnt sure if I should be more frightened or eager to listen to the contents of the tape. When I returned with the player a few moments later, to find my father frozen, standing in the same spot hed inhabited when Id left, I knew that it was sure to bring only anxiety and dread. 

I set the cassette player on the wooden desk that stood on the other side of the small room. I waited for him to take a few steps in my direction, but he never did. He was rooted to the carpeted ground by his own psyche, instead timidly lifting the tape and forcing me to step away from the desk to grab it. In my first attempt to pry, he refused to let go, only staring into my eyes while his fingers clasped tighter around its blackened edges. When I refused to relent, he averted his gaze and his arm fell back to his side, jostling back and forth at the whim of gravity before settling next to his aging hips. 

I turned back towards the player, blew the dust off the outside of the tape (which was labeled only Apollo 17  Tape 3 in black ink) and inserted it into the empty slot. What I heard next Ill never forget. At first there was only static. I could hear my father turn away from me towards the window as the voices came into focus. The first was my fathers. He was hard to hear clearly and at first all I could interpret was a list of numbers he was counting off as one of his fellow pioneers spoke over the intercom. Each word deliberate, steady, and unyielding.

-

Astronaut One: Mission control is telling us to return to the LEM

My Father: Did they say why? Im almost to the crater. Fifteen more feet and Ill be at the edge

Astronaut One: They said return immediately. Im not [too much static]   something over the edge

Astronaut Two: They said what? [Redacted] am I hearing you right?

My Father: This isnt the time for jokes [Redacted]. Im fulfilling the missi-

-

Then from seemingly nowhere fate relented to the pressure of chaos. The video cracked. Someone took a tumble, and there was a blood-curdling howl that brought my hands to my ears.

Startled I stumbled back to see my father had fallen to his knees, grasping at his heart. I screamed for my mother as the tape continued to roll. As I picked my father up from the ground, the cramped rooms acoustics amplified the pitch of further moans and shrieks coming from the cassette. My mother flung the door open to find my fathers arm strewn over my shoulder with the distorted audio of my father pleading for help from his fellow astronauts in the background. 

Turn it off! Get the tape! I shouted to my mother as her terror-stricken gape transformed into a panicked glare as she fumbled with the outdated technology. The last thing I heard before the silence engulfed us has kept me up more nights than I care to admit. As the bewildering struggle raged on, I could hear my fathers voice steady within the storm of animalistic screeches and an incessant gnawing:

Were not alone.

-

My father recovered from his heart attack over the course of a few weeks. The doctor was surprised a man of his health had succumbed to one in the first place, half-jokingly blaming it on the severity with which my father latched his leather belts to his withering waste-line. I withdrew my application from NASA, attempting to dispel internal notions of inner-cowardice by comforting my mother and helping to nurse my father back to health. A few years later my mother called me to tell me that my parents house had been broken into. When I arrived my mother explained how they took the TV and a few other ancient appliances, but nothing truly of note. As I took one last gander through the hallway I noticed the door to my fathers study donned a newly busted lock. I slowly let my hand guide the door open to find my father holding the photograph of his Apollo 17 crew-mates. The safes paneling had been torn from its hinges, exposing a hollowed, empty cube filled with nothing but dust and memories. 

He turned to me with a slight grin of his face. Seemingly relieved to be rid of the physical embodiment of such a horrifying experience. I politely nodded to my father and began to back into the hall as his smile began to fade. He whispered my name and fixed his eyes on mine as he slowly lifted his tucked shirt and unlatched his belt. In the moonlight that was streaming in from the window I could see a gash. As my eyes adjusted, I saw that it wasnt a gash but a bite-mark. Made with thin, yet protracted dentures, an infection had taken the color and flesh from a modest portion of my fathers lower torso and replaced it with a combination of caliginous green, rotting skin. He lowered his shirt and I shut the door behind me. Im not sure Ill ever know what happened up there to my father and the Apollo 17 crew on humanitys last mission to the moon, and I hope I never find out.
