Finally complete exploration has begun! 

Local natives and Sir Galaad from Austin explore the dig site and stand in wonderment in the shadow of the massive structure. Fittingly so in fact as they gaze upon one of the Remaining Wonders of the World. Sir Galaad supervises while his determined band of Ausland born slaves chip away at the hazy, moss green cathedral with the finest of new metal tools. So green in fact, the Moss Dome went fully undiscovered and completely unnoticed until 2565 N.E.(!) Slaves, brought in from The New West over the GLB straight braved the desert blow storms, terrifying creatures, and stifling heat. Fewer then 3 thousands of the initial 10 survived the journey and this number included studious guides and masters. The giant "dig and polish" took another 120 years for completion in which times 5 generations of these workers set camp, lived and toiled. From a minor makeshift outpost rose the city of Mossberg population 50 thousands give or take. And from this city Sir Galaad commands his archeological base of operations. 

As be it, according to legend, crude science, and mere speculation it is with surprise and awe they see that in fact the structures new entrance, now dented, deformed and torn is Indeed on the inside a glimmering chrome like solid armor! One can only imagine the glory of these forgotten tribes to gaze upon and create something so bold. Perhaps it was made to spite god! A religious artifact? A holding area for food? A tomb of sorts? Perhaps a standing monument to a once great civilization or ruler? But how? The manpower alone, the tools needed??? Soon discoveries will be had! Questions will be answered and more Questions will undoubtedly arise. 

Inside more strange symbols, a reoccurring theme for this odd place which is Mossberg. Temples of god were made in the city and bore these same yet thorough investigation reveals no one really can decipher or exactly knows these strange carvings of forgotten man. What sort of modern or civilized inhabitants of this planet can create such a thing yet NOT HAVE ANY WRITTEN HISTORY! A great puzzle indeed. Soon Sir Galaad and his purchased legion would fully discover and the treasures surely were to be found. Legends of a curse, spread about by the aged and surely wicked and dark magic inspired be damned! Forthwith we go to reclaim history......

A new clue of origin is quickly discovered as Sir Galaad and his transcriber are the first to enter, a sign with more symbols and written text! A chalk and paper transfer is taken: 
