First time posting anything here, feedback is much appreciated, thanks!

----



'Whats the matter with them?'

'Who?'

'Theres no one else around, is there?'

'What about all of them?'

Sure enough, an entire crowd had gathered. Appeared, rather. As busy as a city street corner. How had I not noticed them?

'Oh... well, obviously you must know who Im talking about.' I said, flustered.

'Sure, but you should be more specific.' Who was I talking to? 'I dont know who they are.'

'I didnt ask who they were. I asked whats wrong with them.'

'Why should I know? Ive been here just as long as you have.'

How long had I been here? Where was I?

'You were looking at him when I came over here, werent you? I figured you knew what was going on.' I added; 'How long have I... have we been here?'

'A while.' It was just a disembodied voice, they had dissappeared. What had they looked like? 'What does it matter? Time is of no use when its relatively infinite. Its like trying to count grains of sand on a beach.'

This made no sense to me.

The crowd was carrying on as if nothing unusual were happening. Being careful to not get too close to the person struggling in the middle of the walkway. Occasionally they'd stop to look at them and contemplate helping, but always decide against it and move along.

'Why doesnt anyone help him?'

'Why dont you help him?'

'I... I dont know whats going on, I just showed up here.' I was defensive. They had a point though.

'So did they. So did I. I wouldnt help them though.'

'Why not?'

'Well, the last person that helped them ended up just like them. That is to say, this is the last person that helped them.'

The person struggling in the middle of the walkway looked like a mumified corpse. On all fours, stretched out, reaching for a bowl of water just out of reach. Every time they'd move an inch closer to the bowl, it would move an inch farther, like trying to force two south poles on a pair of magnets towards eachother.

They were making terrible noises; breathing frantically, coughing occasionally, mumbling inaduibly. It was truly a pitiful sight to behold. Their dried flesh was cracked and flaking off, leaving a faint trail behind them as they fruitlessly crawled towards the water. I tried to see how long of a trail there was, but it was obscured by the crowd, and, to be honest, I couldnt make out anything much farther than that. Everything turned dark and blurry after about twenty feet out.

'Where did you say we were?' I had forgotten their answer.

'I dont know, it doesnt matter though.' They had reappeared, this time however, they had a cats head. I forget what they used to look like. For some reason this didnt phase me, it seemed entirely natural.

Tall and skinny, a little too much of both in fact, and wearing business attire; a worn grey suit, brown shoes, and a stained blue tie. I dont recall the rest.

Where was I?

I couldnt see very far, everything was in a sphere, this sphere that obscured everything beyond twenty feet. Everything just went dark and blurry. The crowd faded in and out of the perimeter, but unnoticably so. Like when a song slowly fades out over thirty seconds; you never notice the exact moment it goes silent, you just realize at some point that the song is over. This was the perimeter of the sphere. Nothing appeared or dissappeared, there was no solid boundary, things just 

'Why are you here?' The cat asked suddenly. It was the first time I remembered them speaking without provocation.

'I... dont know? I dont recall how I got here even, or how lon-'

'Time is of no importance here. You cant even feel it. Go ahead and try.'

The cat was right, I had no bearing on time. In the time it took the cat to prompt me to try, ten seconds could have passed, or maybe it was ten mellenium? Ten weeks? Why do weeks have seven days?

'Why do weeks have seven days?' I felt as though the cat would be able to answer this question. Only, the cat head had been replaced with that of an old mans, and the suit jacket had turned navy.

'Something to do with religon. You shouldnt waste time worrying about time. Its unimportant here.'

'How can I waste it if it doesnt matter? That makes no sense.' I challenged the cat. Or the man. I forget who they were at that moment. The question appeared to frustrate them, and their tie  had turned red. Im not sure if that was related though.

'And why do you keep changing? That doesnt make any sense'

'Am I changing? Or is it your perception of me that is changing? You ought to figure that out before you go accusing people of things they're not responsible for.'

'How...' I couldnt find the right words for it, and the need to question it passed instantly. I was incredibly frustrated, however.

'No need to be angry, it takes a while to understand things here. Its very different.'

'What makes you think Im angry? Didnt you just say not to accuse people of things?'

'Was I wrong?'

I was silent, growing all the more frustrated and confused.

Some time passed. Or maybe none at all.

'So, if I help this person, Ill end up just like them?' I asked, recalling the corpse struggling to hydrate in front of us.

'It would seem so, yes. The last time someone held the bowl, they finally reached the water, drank from it, deeply and desperately. With each gulp they returned to health, and with each gulp, the one helping them was drained, until they had switched places, and the one who had helped was now a dried and shriveled corpse, and the once afflicted corpse, was now full and healthy.So they stood up and walked away, leaving the one who had helped them there to suffer.'

I couldnt see my hands. Or legs, or any part of me. I could feel my hands touch my face, and could tell they were right in front of my eyes when I waved them by my face, but they werent there.

'Can you see me? I cant see any part of me, I can feel it all though.'

'You ask a lot of questions. Why not just try observing?'

Its a statement that should have further upset me, but instead I felt very calmed by it.

We stood there and watched for ten thousand years. Or eighty six seconds. 



Then, suddenly, nothing changed.
