After the End of days

Chapter 1: First Encounter
Helicopter, get down in the brush. Mark whispers.
You think thats aid?I asked as the blades whirled over our heads and headed into the metropolitan city that we were watching for the past hour. 
Cant be. said Mark without hesitation . The whole town's been evacuated, and any others would be dead.
Mark had a point. the whole town got a public service announcement to evacuate about three weeks ago. The only things that were alive in that town were the DMWs. Dead Men Walking. After cancer cases became more frequent, more scientists searched for cures. After they found a cure, they sent it to the world without thorough testing. Hell of a cure that was. When the virus first hit the world, you would get infected if you got blood from a DMW inside your bloodstream. Now if a DMWs saliva gets in your bloodstream, you get infected.
You see that Dave? Its a chopper.. Landing in the middle of town.
No one would ever land in the middle of a town full of DMWs I said
Now why would they land in the middle of the town instead of the outskirts? He said.
No clue, but grab out your range finder. Were shooting if it comes down to it
 I pulled out my L115A3 sniper rifle. As I looked at my gun, My childhood memories of playing shooting games came back to me for a split second. I remember always starting the game with a sniper in my hands and on top an ATV trying to get to a vantage point over the battlefield. Heh, funny how life ends up. 
Hey Dave, check that out Mark whispered.
Three men hopped out of the chopper. They were wearing military clothing With blood stains on it. The pilot shuts off the chopper and the rotors start to slow down. The first guy hops out and takes point. The other two follow, one watching left, one watching right. They all have M4s
I dont want to know if thats human blood or DMW blood. Mark stated.
Marks comment made me wonder if it was human blood. If it was then they could have killed others for those clothes. If that was the case, then I wouldnt want to be anywhere near them.
Me neither. I said I think were fine though, theyre going into that warehouse.
Mark took a deep breath and said Were two-hundred seventy three yards out. Adjust and get ready to shoot. I dont wanna take any chances.
15 Minutes Later.
All of a sudden, a loud bang goes off from inside the warehouse. Then multiple bangs a few seconds after the first one. The doors fly open and the three soldiers start to run back to the chopper. They have 4 DMWs following behind them.
Dave! Look! That guy got bit! Mark exclaimed. 
I have eyes on him. No way theyre gonna bring him back into the chopper right?
The soldier had a bite mark in the front of his thigh and was being held up by the other two soldiers, Right arm behind the right soldier's neck and over the shoulder, and vice versa.
I think they are! said Mark. Theyre bandaging him up!
How could they be so arrogant as to bring him back into the chopper?  I said. Wait what is he doing?
The infected man pulls back and drops to the ground. The pilot starts the helicopter and  is ready to leave. One more soldier hops out of the chopper and starts to shoot at the DMWs that are behind the other three soldiers from the warehouse. The other two soldiers that were bracing the infected soldier turn back in fear of the gunshots to see it's their friend killing the last 4 DMWs. The bitten soldier pulls out his pistol from his side. He takes a glimpse at the pistol and kisses the side of it. He puts the tip of the  barrel of the gun to his temple. The other soldier that shot the DMWs looks at him and gives an expressionless face. The other two soldiers notice his expressionless face and turn around to see their friend with the gun to his head. In panic and fear, they reach down to grab the gun from him but before they reach him, he pulls the trigger. The blood splatters, getting on the two soldiers faces as the bitten soldier falls flat on the ground. Dead.
 Without hesitation they take the pack off of his chest and lay the pistol on his corpse. The soldiers head back into the chopper with his pack and leaving the corpse there. The helicopter takes off towards the north, and everything falls silent. Mark is quiet and puts away his range finder. I put my rifle around my back and sit for a moment. After about 10 seconds, Mark breaks the deadly silence.
Lets move out. 
Its insane to think what the world has come to. Lawlessness, violence, killing, betrayal, and even scavenging. Just the other day I heard a shot and saw a man dead and not even ten seconds later, a man goes up to his body and checks for anything. I doubt he was a friend, but to kill someone who had nothing on them is just mindless violence. Its a shame to say that this is life now. Scavenge, loot, survive. Hope for the best and stay alive. Always know who you can trust. Dont lose hope because thats all you have. You cant just survive, you have to thrive to survive.
