Im always a suck up for this type of stuff; I can never let old vinyls go unheard in someones dusty attic, or worn out wool sweaters go hanging around in a widows closet. Why does everything have to pass on and grow to its own end of time? Im sure everyone in this world has something they own that has an extreme amount of sentimental value to them; it could be a doll thats missing an eye from when they were a baby or even a small stone that a friend brought back from a vacation. Everything may grow old, but it can be renewed if put in the right frame of mind.

I have an old chest that has been lying around for some time, sat in the back of my work shop. I love carpentry, my whole house is basically been torn down and rebuilt, then fallen down from my handy work and lodged back into place by a few nails and a hammer. I always get around to fixing everything and that was always the flaw in my work- getting around to it. I would start work on this piece and then grow onto another and so on. I kept making plans to strip down the chest to its base wood from all the slapped on varnish that the previous owner had coated it in, in my opinion, trying to punish it in some way, but thats just me, for I am a freak for detail. I would make the decision to carry on with the idea to fix it up and then I would come up with a spontaneous idea to craft a new longbow or carve a wooden woodland animal for my love. She loved those sorts of little trinkets, how I was able to continue making them in this frail age, Ill never know. I guess it helps remind myself of her smile once I had given them to her, but for now, they sit on a side table beside her empty chair, collecting dust. Before she passed on a few years back, she would hide the figures in small parts of our home that I was hard working on so I would find them when she was gone, knowing it would bring a smile to the corner of my cheek every time I busted a chair leg or got my foot stuck through the staircase, again.

I got the chest from a lady that I once knew a few streets away, we grew up together. Well, I say together, she was always travelling around the world with her parents while I was stuck in this small Canadian town, watching the trucks go by and having the days grow colder. She would always leave me wonderful notes on my doorstep to find the day that she headed out to travel. They usually had a small phrase to make me laugh and a hint to where she was going, but I never understood why she never knocked and hugged me goodbye. I would love to say that the lady I make my wooden figures for was her, as I expect any person would while reading this, but thats not how it was between us. We kept each other grounded to ourselves. She was the type of girl that had to run away to come back and feel at home, where I was the boy that could stay home and feel like I was out there with her in the world. Each note she left, I read with such detail that I forgot that I was standing out in the snow on my doorstep, not taking my eyes from the page, reading like a child that had just been given his first comic.

Many years have wondered by now and I sit here in my workshop, staring into the dull corner of the room where the chest sits and ages. I feel enough time has passed to revisit an old friend in my mind and work on making what she had old into new again. My stiff knees only just got me from my chair, and holding my coffee in a shaky hand, I shuffled towards the edge of the room and reached out to open the lid. Dust fell from the top of it like a dry waterfall, and the lid creaked open to let the light flood in from years of sitting in seclusion. Inside was carved with wonderful circular design and patterns, all spiralling around the seam of the wood and heading towards where the lock would once be, if it hadnt rotted away. I swung the lid back and leant in against the wall, I peeked inside. I wasnt completely surprised to what I found, in all honesty. I know where this chest had come from and who had owned it, but it had been a decade now since she had even touched it. Inside the chest was a letter, a simple note from my friend. I can only imagine to what it says, but I couldnt think further for that wasnt the only thing I found. For inside that chest, lying upon that letter, was a small carved figure, that I had made only last week.

Please let me know what you thought of this Thank you for reading.
