This is a xpost from /r/WritingPrompts that I wanted to get feedback on. The prompt was to write a story from two perspectives.

Alivia strapped her daggers to her leather leggings on the outside of her thighs, making sure that the blades would be easy to access but not impair her movements.

After I met Richard, I swore I would never go back to my old ways. But he was gone now, what else am I supposed to do?

Her short red hair outlined the delicate features of her face drawing your attention to her eyes. Her eyes were as blue as sapphire, eyes that could distract you almost as much as the rest of her body. The only thing that could taint her beauty was a small scar that ran across her collar bone, a souvenir from a battle long ago. She checked the fitting of her leather armor one last time and strapped her short bow and quiver to her back making sure they were secure. 

I need to provide for my children now and I dont know how else to do it.

Donning her balaclava she stepped through the window to begin her journey to steal Rothgars magic tomb, but not before taking one last look at the room where her children lay fast asleep. 

This is for you; I will do anything to make you two happy.

Now that his wife was no longer with him, Rothgar often caught himself reading her notes in her old magic tomb late at night. He was a shadow of the man he used to be. Muscles faded away into nothingness leaving his arms looking like twigs. His vibrant black hair was now dull and knotted, and there was something behind his dark brown eyes, sadness. 

Reading her notes was something to remind him of his wife, and maybe give him clues to her mysterious death. He adored those notes; it made the pain of losing her slightly less, it was almost like being able to speak with her again. He would give his life before parting with this tomb.

Alivia approached the mages keep, being wary for any magical traps that might give her position away. The keep looked like no one had lived in it for a while, windows broken, paint chipped, and the iron gate that enclosed the keep was sagging in areas like a tree had fallen on sections of it. With any luck, it would be empty making for an easy job. 

With that in mind, she was just as careful as if it were guarded by a dozen men. She crossed the lawn sliding into a basement window where the bars looked like they had been gnawed off and headed toward the library.

Blue light flashed across the celling

Rothgar instantly started to soak in the energy from the heat around him; red mist swirling in his eyes, he prepared for what he knew was coming, someone was in his home. This was his sanctuary and he would not tolerate intruders.

Crap, Alivia muttered under her breath as she readied her bow. She wouldnt have missed that enchantment if it hadnt been so long since her last job. It was layered under another that any novice would miss. But she was not a novice and she had no excuse for her mistake. She slowly kept her way down to the library ever more careful now that her presence was known.

Rothgars voice boomed throughout the keep amplified by magic, I know you are here, make yourself known and I might let you live.

So, you are the mighty mage that lives in this pile of crap you call a home sarcasm bleeding from Alivias lips as she stepped out of the shadows arrow pointing right at Rothgar. I have come for the tomb youre carrying, hand it over or this arrow will be the last thing you feel.

Rage burning in his eyes, Rothgar spoke firm, You will never leave here alive, if only for that one comment alone

As the words escaped his mouth, Alivia loosed her arrow while simultaneously drawing her daggers. Her aim was true, but she learned to never underestimate a mage.

With the arrow heading straight for Rothgars head, he shot forth a ball of flame disintegrating the arrow mid-flight. You are going to have to do better than that. Laughter echoed through each word taunting her. Before he could say anything else Alivia was already on him, one dagger slashing towards his throat another stabbing towards his ribs.

Surprisingly nimble for his appearance, Rothgar dodged the attack and threw out a quick wave of heat to distance himself from his attacker. Once on stable footing, he took in more heat and threw another fireball.

Alivia barely was able to dodge behind a table as the fireball exploded on the wall behind her, throwing shrapnel everywhere. She was going to have to be more careful not to underestimate the mages speed and agility. That last mistake almost cost her life. 

Quickly rolling from the table to a pillar Alivia subtlety threw one of her daggers, narrowly escaping the table that burst into flame as another of Rothgars fireballs hit.

Blood dripping from a slash across his left shoulder, Rothgar barely even saw the dagger. Close one, that dagger almost stuck me. 

But even as he spoke those words, his vision was getting hazy from the poison coursing through his veins. He fell to one knee, and then toppled over onto his side as Alivia slowly approached the dying man. Ill be taking that from you now. Alivia said, holding back tears. She was hoping for this to be an easy grab with no one getting hurt, but she had to do what needed to be done.

As she bent down to take the tomb, Rothgar stared up at her with a new look in his eyes. And with his last dying breath he said with a twinkle in his eye that he thought was long gone Thank you, I was too much a coward to do it myself, but now I can see my dear Elizabeth again. With those last words he faded from this world, his soul finally free.
