[OC] Splinter
Dachande663
There's a lot to be said for the runner. Running, the act of it, the motion of it, has carried us our whole lives. We are taught to walk so that we may run. Running is the final peak from which humanity chases down the prey so that it may survive and run again, another day, another hunt.

On Bastion there were endless forests. A supercontinent with bodies of water that were mirrors of the brother and sister stars hanging overhead. I could run for hours. Just me and the calls of the jubjubs and the erst-elk.

It was only natural when my father took me out to those woods, where he'd take away my aurals and optics, and make me see the forest for myself. To truly hear it. He'd give me a bow and he would make me fire it. Over and over and over until the tendons in my shoulder were strung like the bowstring itself. When I was ready he took me hunting. Not before. Never before. My father was a man who respected nature, understood the balance. An arrow loosed too soon would maim an animal, pain taking it far away in flight where it would suffer and succumb to the wounds. He taught me a valuable lesson: shoot to kill, always. Never leave an animal wounded so it may rear up and attack.

Now I stood in a different type of forest, one not from nature but not from man also. The spires rose from the ground and the traffic of a thousand species flitted between them in vehicles that would have amazed humanity a decade ago. This was a city, one of theirs. I stood and watched it from the rooftops and knew it was the same beast as I had grown up in.

The edge of my vision pulsed and I drew the window into view. I'd kept some of my father's lessons, never relying on technology, only myself, but some things required a more modern touch. Hakka appeared, standing before me in the narrow field of the window. There was a delay in his motions as the systems synched and I looked up at the largest of the planets moons. He would be up there, safe from the repercussions of his actions.

"Devil, I've found him."

Hakka's voice was harsh, the synthetic translators in my aurals failing to replicate the true intonations of his words. Most species had long ago transitioned to one of the two common tongues, Old Cant or New Cant, but humanity hadn't had the time and so I had made do learning a handful of phrases. The word Devil was how he referred to me. He'd probably use it to refer to my entire species if I wasn't the only human left.

"Where?" I said, the tiny electrical currents in my brain tumbling through the organic relays, words wrapped up into meaning and translated back into Old Cant and shot to the nearest relay tower. Hakka blinked as he waited for the signal lag.

"This makes us even. No more sour blood."

My head winced at the mistranslation and the relays took the pain, fed it back into the system where it joined a database of a thousand other threads that represented human idioms lost on other species.

"Tell me where. I decide when I'm through turning your men into husks."

Hakka paused, longer than the signal lag allowed for, before he turned back to the recorder and spoke to me. I'd been working my way up his men for weeks, taking out haulers, bagmen, lieutenants until I found something that hurt and pressed it, squoze until the thing squealed and answers came tumbling out. There was a reason he called me the Devil.

The beacon appeared over Hakka's shoulder, projected in the distance.

"He will know you're coming for him," Hakka said. "He will run."

I kicked off the ledge. Hakka laughed as I fell. The air was thick, catching me quickly as I let the resin flow behind my outstretched arms until it formed a canopy that set and kept me afloat. The beacon was close, getting closer and I angled in to the nearest tower.

My feet hit the tower and I was running. The sights, the sounds, they rushed by just like in my youth. A glance at the upcoming terrain showed me where I needed to go. Looking at my feet let me know where I needed to step. I took a ledge, mantling up and over and keeping the momentum going until I could feel just the narrow lip of the wall beneath my feet.

I jumped, tucked in and rolled it out. The beacon was flashing; the target was in motion. My vision shut down to a narrow tunnel. People became a stream and I found the path of least resistance. This was my childhood. This was the childhood of my entire people for a hundred thousand years.

He was ahead. I caught the sight of his tendrils whipping around a corner and redoubled my efforts. Hands sharp, mouth open, knees ahead. There were faster species, but nothing that could match a humans agility. Our perfect balance between speed and stamina. Stall, crate, wall, ledge. I was up again. The balcony had a bamboo screen and I crashed through with my shoulder. The owner, a Dendroit, screamed at me but I was gone already, across the hall, through the next apartment and jumping, leaping, soaring.

He looked up just in time as I landed beside him. A hundred billion humans dead but this kill was revenge for one. He was older. Older than I remembered but I still recognised his face from his military service record.

He pulled out a weapon and I charged, tackling him in the stomach. An elbow crashed down against my back as two of his other arms wrapped themselves around me.

The world shifted and I felt the fall a moment before we hit the ground.

We were in a warehouse, the walls stacked high with crates and only the small gap in the ceiling showing where we had come in letting in any light. I scrambled to get back into the light but he struck me from behind.

"You fucking humans," he said from the dark.

I rolled onto my front and pushed up. He struck again, a boot taking what little breath I had left out of me in one fell swoop.

"You just don't learn."

His boot crashed down on my hand and I screamed. I stood in the shaft of light, the city blinding above, but all around me was darkness. My pistol was on the edge of darkness. I feinted towards it and the darkness came at me again. I let my legs slide from under me, the metal pipe singing as it passed through the space my head had filled. I kicked upwards from the floor and felt the satisfying crunch of bone.

"You should have the decency to just die human," the voice said. "Just give up and lie down and die. That's what your father did."

My blood boiled over. The forest was on fire as I lunged upwards and drove both of my fists into the grinning mandibles of the man who had tormented my memories. His expression didn't change as I pushed his face back into his skull. He staggered backwards.

"You killed him!" I screamed. Another kick and I broke his knee. "You murdered him." He held out a hand and I pulled it behind his back until I could feel the tendons tear beneath the scales.

"Orders," he said. "Only orders. We had to stop you."

"We left you alone. We went into the woods and you could have forgotten about us."

"And when you organised and came back? Your kind, you're like a disease."

"My father died saving me from you. I watched you kill him and I was too young to do anything about it."

"And now look at you. You're a monster," he spat. He looked into my eyes and I saw the shattered remains of his jaws grin. "Oh yeah, I know what you are human. I've seen the mess you've left behind, hunting down all the men who found your camp that day."

"They were all guilty."

"When I'm dead, you're going to learn two things human. The first is that you will realise revenge will not bring your species back to life."

The words he said made me want to hurt him again. My fist clenched, until the blue and red blood of our two species mixed together. He watched me and smiled again.

"And the second is that I did what I did to protect my people. When I went home I was a hero. I was praised for saving the homeworlds from the barbaric humans." He leant forwards until his face was half cast in the shadow of the warehouse. "What about you human? When I am dead, all that will be left is the killer I see now. Not even the Hakka Clan will work with you after what you did to them and theirs."

I picked up the pipe he had used and let it run through my fingers. Kneeling beside him I rested his head against my own, until our foreheads touched, flesh to scales. His breath was pungent, scents of foods I was still struggling to adjust too.

"I'm going to take the thing most precious from you," I said. The metal pipe slid in between the ribs of his exoskeleton, slowly, with just enough pressure to break the skin and sink in deeper and deeper. His breathing quickened. "I'm going to destroy your entire world. Your entire civilisation."

I knelt back and looked at him. Ours eyes met and I saw fear. The same fear I had shown when I watched my father die on Bastion.

I drove the pipe deeper with all my force, until it punctured the chain of hearts in his chest and his whimpers were cut short.

I was going to burn this forest to the ground.