Let There Be
j1xwnbsr
The Great Cosmic Entity spread its awareness throughout the universe, ghostly senses looking upon endless wonders. Slowly tumbling comets parading from one sector of space to the other, rough dirty balls of ice leaving trace elements behind in their wake. Vast dust clouds that would someday give birth to new stars and planets slowly twisting in the stellar breeze, tiny specks of matter drawn together by the barest whispers of gravity. In time these stars would burn out, fuel exhausted and spent, what remained returning back to the dust that had created them. Some planets formed by the birth of these new stars would survive, becoming lost wanderers meandering throughout the stellar void. The rest would be pulled back into their home star, nothing more than burnt cinders of rock and ash. Eventually they would also grow as cold as space itself, the fires that warmed their rocky surfaces a distant memory. Gasses that once vented from fissures and volcanic eruptions condensed, no longer cloaking the surface in swirling mystery. Instead they became liquid and then solid, drifting back down to coat their rocky home in patterns of light and dark glittering in the empty void.

The Great Cosmic Entity watched as an errant comet was captured by the remains of one such system, the frozen body looping around for centuries until it finally succumbed to gravity and crashed into the surface. The impact wasnt much, just enough to nudge things a tiny bit so that in a few thousand millennia what had once been a rocky purple world orbiting a pale blue star would find itself part of a growing black hole. Eventually that too would be consumed by another, and so on. In time all would fall, from the smallest asteroid to the largest gas giant, consumed by the endless progress of time.

The Great Cosmic Entity looked out over the universe that was its home and felt at peace. Everything moved forward at a slow pace, steady, uneventful. Stars and planets were born, went through their cycle of growth until the fuel provided by other dead stars finally ran out, eventually collapsing and blowing away back into the dust from whence they came, endlessly repeating. The rules of the universe dictated when and how this would happen, laws carved deep into the fabric of reality and as much a part of things as the Great Cosmic Entity itself. It watched as rocky planets and churning stars of all sizes and colors were created and then broken apart, the slow grinding forces of time leading onwards to where everything it had seen and could possibly see were compressed into a single undefinable point. Beyond that event even the Great Cosmic Entity didnt know what would happen, but until then it was content to do nothing more than observe.

Eventually the Great Cosmic Entity became aware of something out of place in the grand scheme of things. Something poked at its consciousness, drawing its attention to a sector of space that at first glance appeared no different than any other. A small planet, third in a set of nine, all orbiting a yellow-white star less than half way through its projected lifespan. Unlike every other planet in every other system that the Great Cosmic Entity had observed for untold eons, this one offered something unusual. Something that shouldnt have been there, but was.

Life.

Instead of a dull rocky surface churned by the effects of tectonic forces and cometary impacts, the planet was blue and green. Water vapor was suspended in a nitrogen-based atmosphere along with enough free oxygen to support a form of combustion based on long chains of carbon. Rare nickel and iron forming the heart of the planet spun rapidly within, creating a magnetic field that kept the solar wind from blowing the atmosphere away. Strong enough to provide a shield, but not too strong that it damaged the frail amino acids struggling towards each other in the wet dirt. Heated by the sun above and geothermal heat below, the surface provided a delicate balance of light and heat, just the right temperature to allow the triple point of water to occur and complex shapes to form.

The Great Cosmic Entity watched in shock as self-assembling forms arose from the ground, fueled and nurtured by electrical storms raging in the wet air. In a cosmic instant the planet writhed and squirmed with multitudes of life exploding over the landscape. Some never moved from where they had arose, pulling resources from the ground to build staggering tall structures reaching for the sky, green leaves exploiting quantum effects as they converted solar energy from the sun overhead. Others crawled around the ground below, searching for their own sources of energy and finding it in the dead and decaying bits of others. A few preferred to attack their fellows, consuming each other in their lust for survival.

The Great Cosmic Entity had never seen such a thing before. Until now it had been certain that life was impossible, that nothing in the rules governing the universe would allow for it to exist. It watched as the planet changed and shifted, water that covered most of its surface building up and then receding over and over, life forms continually changing in an effort to adapt and survive. Eventually it turned its attention away to examine other stars and other worlds, to see if life had also taken root elsewhere as it had here.

Well over a galactic year later it returned, having scouring more than a million worlds and finding none. And what it found when it returned was even more impossible.

Where squirming, half-blind life had been were now self-aware creatures striding confidently over surface, lords of everything they surveyed. Still within their infancy they dominated the planet, spreading to every corner and claiming it as their own. Builders and craftsmen, explorers and conquerors they seemed to be continually moving forwards, continually searching for something. In the blink of a metaphorical eye life on the third planet had lept forward, no longer shaped by their environment but instead changing it to fit their own needs.

The Great Cosmic Entity watched as this new thing exploded over the planet, digging deep within to wrest treasures hidden from view. Rocks were moved, cut, sculpted to build upwards, reaching for the sun much like the towering life forms from the planets distant past. Unlike these they did not have green foliage that harvested energy but instead used the dead remains of plants and animals for power.

In time the dominant life form grew in age and in wisdom, learning how to plumb the hidden secrets of the universe. Fusion followed fission, atomic nuclei taken apart and put back together in a discovery rent with fire and death and then light and hope. Quarks, muons, leptons and bosons were laid bare for all to see. Quantum effects that formed the very underpinnings of reality were eagerly sought, proofs for theories that would in turn create new ones. Throughout it all, these builders and explorers and warriors and weavers continued to ask the same question over and over again, a question that had driven them forward to explore every corner of their world.

Is there anyone out there? Are there others like ourselves, waiting for us in the endless void?

The Great Cosmic Entity pondered this question and once again scoured the universe looking for an answer. It found millions of stars and billions planets. Cold dwarfs and hot gas giants, all were examined in minute detail. All were found wanting, all empty of life. It returned, discovering that the two-legged creatures had moved on from their own planet and had somehow - somehow! - managed to convert a dead lifeless world to mimic their home. What was once a dry and blasted rust-red rock was now a steamy green and blue, creatures of all types scurrying over the surface.

And still these being, these *humans*, kept asking the same question.

Is there anyone else out there?

This time the Great Cosmic Entity had an answer. An answer written in the rules of the universe, rules that this single star system had somehow managed to break.  An answer that only it could properly provide, having seen all that had been and all that could possibly be. The answer to the one question that had driven the human race forward since they took their first blind steps out of their dim past and into the bright light of consciousness. An answer to a question as old as the human race itself.

No, it said, the answer given in the cold gases and dust of distant nebula. You are alone, it said, empty rocks orbiting hot stars in an endless night.

The Great Cosmic Entity watched as the entire human race seemed to recoil from the answer as if it was somehow too horrible to contemplate. Overnight new ideas and theories were put forth and new projects were begun. Incredibly complex instruments were crafted to plumb even deeper into the universe, peering both outwards and inwards. Immense ships were built of rock and steel, stocked with every manner of tool and supply before being flung outwards into the void, fusion-powered spears chucked into the darkness in a vain effort to find others like themselves. The Great Cosmic Entity watched as humanity struggled to accept the answer that they had been given, unwilling to accept the truth.

After an epoch of searching, their star reaching the midpoint of its life and starting to shift into its final phase, they eventually asked a new question. By now the human race was so far evolved that they barely resembled the creatures that had once strode the planet looking for answers. The planet itself was long gone along with the rest of the solar system, consumed in their quest for finding others and turned into a vast shell enclosing their home star.

Are we alone? they asked.

Yes, the Great Cosmic Entity replied, the response written in the depths of space and time. Vibrating quantum fields reached backwards and forwards to provide an answer, one that had been suspected but long denied.

You are alone.

The beings that had once been the human race contemplated this answer, using their clever instruments and deep understanding of the universe to confirm that it was true. That the rules that had formed the universe and the reality they inhabited were firm and unyielding. Finally accepting the truth, humanity then spoke a final time, not directly but in words and song and deeds.

That is too bad. It would have been nice to talk to someone like ourselves. Before the end. To know we were not alone.

The Great Cosmic Entity watched as the beings that had once been the human race withdrew into the shell which they had built around their sun to wait out the end. Untold years ticked by as it watched, ships made of iron and rock continuing to reach outwards from their initial launch points. No longer full of life they were empty, as dead as the rest of the universe. The Great Cosmic Entity watched as the yellow-white star entered it final milliana, suddenly growing into a red giant as it fused the last bits of helium into iron, consuming the shell the humans had built around it and all that had lived on it. The remains of the system collapsed, leaving behind a glowing cinder as a memorial to what had been built.

In time the hollow ships vanished, eroded by the continual bombardment of micrometeorites and cosmic dust. One survived long enough for the blasted hull to be captured by a black hole, the remains becoming part of the accretion disk that surrounded the gravity point. The radiation that signaled its demise screamed outwards in hard gamma and x-rays, a final echo of what had once been the human race.

The Great Cosmic Entity was alone, once again. But unlike before, this time it was aware that it was alone. A concept it had no concept of until now, until humans had appeared for their brief moment upon the stellar scene. Humans that built and destroyed, conquered and created, exploring their tiny corner of the universe in ways that defined explanation. All the while, continually asking the same question over and and over and over until their final days when they barely resembled the beings that had once stood upon grassy fields and looked upwards.

Are we alone?

The Great Cosmic Entity pondered this while it searched. Cold rocky dwarfs and hot gas giants. Planets wandering between systems, ejected when their host stars finally failed. Comets held a brief hope, icy balls of dirt warmed into complex chemical soup as they raced around blazing suns.

All were found wanting. All were found lacking that one thing that had set the human homeworld apart from the rest. A single tiny spark of something. A random quirk, a chance occurrence that allowed something that should not have been to spring into being. The rules that formed the underpinnings of reality forbid life from occurring, but the impossible had happened anyways. And once it was there, it stubbornly refused to let go, adapting in ways that seemed impossible long past the point when it should have been erased, finally succumbing along with its blazing sun to the grinding forces of time.

The Great Cosmic Entity returned to examine the remains of the human star in hopes that it might contain the key but it had vanished. In its long quest for answers the remains of the star had completely burnt out, fading away into dust like all the others. Blown away in the stellar wind, bits and pieces destined to become part of another sun, another planet, another icy comet tumbling through the dark. Gone, just like the humans that had once lived there.

The Great Cosmic Entity watched, hoping that maybe that special spark had survived in the dust and would cause another planet to grown green and blue with life. But none did. A trillion billion planets came and went, but all were nothing more than empty rock. All were full of visual splendor, natural formations shaped by internal and external pressures. Stars formed and then grew old, taking their place in the slowly shifting tapestry of time as the universe continued onwards. Cold and lifeless, a perfectly beautiful setting full of endless wonder and amazing splendor.

In untold eons past the Great Cosmic Entity would have looked out over all of creation and felt contentment, certain that all was perfect and good. Instead it now wept and raged and mourned for what had been lost. For now there would never be anyone else to ask a simple question, to look up from their fields of green to stare out into the glittering blackness and demand an answer.

Are we alone?

Am ***I*** alone?

Yes. You are alone, the Great Cosmic Entity answered itself, watching as a red giant exploded into a supernova. You are alone, it repeated as another planet was formed out of the rocky castoffs of a star being birthed before it too crumbled back into dust. You are alone, it whispered as the grand clock of time slowly ran down and everything came to a halt.

The Great Cosmic Entity looked around. All unbound energy had been consumed, everything reduced to a flat grey smear condensed into a single rotating point, undefinable in size with no reference to compare against. No more stars were being birthed in grand stellar nurseries. No new planets were being created, no more comets arced around in lazy loops shedding bits of gas and dust as they passed by. No more glittering ice, no more venting fissures, no more anything.

Alone at the end of space and time, the Great Cosmic Entity contemplated what it had come to pass and its own role in it. All it had known and all it would ever know were contained inside of a dot impossibly large but incredibly small, a final resting place for everything that had once been a universe spanning trillions of light years. Buried somewhere within was a memory of a life form that had called itself humanity and its endless quest for others like themselves. A quest that had ultimately failed, but not from lack of trying or any fault of their own. No, it had failed because there was nobody else like them. Humans had been unique in the universe, and because of their uniqueness they had been doomed to always be alone. The random quirk of fate that allowed them to arise in the first place should not have happened, the rules that drove the universe from start to finish instead calling for an endless cycle of hot stars and cold dead planets.

Time immeasurable passed before the Great Cosmic Entity finally reached out and upset the delicate equilibrium defining the final resting place of the universe. In doing so it set into motion a furious chain of events, creation exploding into quarks and gluons and uncountable subatomic particles  rushing away from each other. Quantum strings vibrated in sympathetic harmony gave rise to electrons and protons, atoms forming from the baryonic foam and clumping together into complex molecules. Gravity sprung into being, pulling matter together in spinning globes of gas that responded by igniting into heat and light. Planets formed, some hot, some cold. Comets once again tumbled throughout the universe, shedding dust as they floated by, adding their own matter to nebula that would eventually create their own stars.

Space and time restarted, the grand clock of the universe ticking forward once again. Slow and steady, all the rules firmly in place. All but one. Exerting its influence in a way that threatened to destroy its own existence, the Great Cosmic Entity nudged and twisted things, pushing one rule aside to let another take its place.

This time, things would be different. This time, when whatever beings that eventually called themselves humans looked out into the dark and asked the question, they would get an answer. This time, there would be a response.

Is there anyone else out there?

Yes.

You are not alone.
