How the gods fell
British_Tea_Company
Do you know who, or what the Serahim are? 

No? Allow me to educate you. Like us, they were Terran. They evolved on a certain third planet in a certain solar system and a certain galaxy which they referred to as the Milky Way. Their civilization appears to be at least 5.8 billion years old, though we postulate that they may even be older. Their universe predates ours by so long, its impossible to grasp what is ancient and what is new within their existence. 

So they are Terran. So what? We know this already, there are infinite universes and *Homo Sapien Sapien* happens to be the only constant. What makes these Serahims so special? 

They conquered their universe. Thats what makes them special. They did not conquer the galaxies, plant a flag on every planet, or even as much as dominated the will and mind of every other creature in existence. They did so much better than that. They conquered the universe itself, the physical manifestation of existence. Their technology was so great, they warped reality as they saw fit with the press of a button. 

The Terran Lords? Please. Even the gods among men would appear as mere children to their technology. 

The Serahims were blessed and special all the way through. Their empire had first formed in their equivalent of 605 C.E. In short, somewhere out there, a version of humanity had united itself while the rest of us were still decorating ourselves with feathers or tattooing ourselves with dragons. By 1985 C.E, we have calculated the Serahims already had far superior technology to modern day Terra today. By the time we were given enough time to reach the moon, they were already on their way to conquering entire galaxies. 

Magic? No. They did this all without magic. Without sorcery. They never discovered magic, for the better, or for the worse, I dont know. But why would they even need magic? They were building vessels that had larger masses than most planets within the span of days while our first attempts at psionics were still trying to guess cards in a hand. By the time we got to where we are today, the Serahim Empire had already discovered how to create mass and energy using simple science. If violating the laws of physics wasnt enough, they had even managed to stop their universe from expanding. Hell, they moved galaxies if distance was an inconvenience for them. 

Opposition? There was none. There couldnt be any. They were the perfect examples of human potential. Every piece of their history went perfectly. Perfectly. Even if most of their history was brutal warfare and immoral scientific practices, they were the pinnacle of potential. 

There are only ruins of their technology left, but we know why. Expeditions in their universe have found that the entire place is devoid of nearly all mass save for the occasional derelict vessel or surviving space station. Their data banks have told us science that could create galaxies, manipulate the flow of time, hell, they could even make pocket universes with their technology. 

They had everything. They were gods. But in the end, for all the scientific advancement that homo sapiens at its potential was capable of achieving, the Serahims were destroyed not because of some cosmic deity or some dimensional entity. No. They destroyed themselves. 

Why? Because a war sparked about who would become Emperor. In a society where everyone had everything, and where the name Emperor was nothing more than a title, a war still sparked over a name, and just a name. A war that resulted in the activation of a superweapon that purged their entire universe. Omnicide, all for the sake of deciding who got to have a slightly cooler title than everyone else. 

So in the end, after we achieved all that we could be. We are destroyed by our own pettiness. Such a bleak message from nature isnt it? 

Well it isnt. 

I know that the only way humanity will ever fall is if it destroys itself, as in the example of the Serahims. 

Our goal as a race and a species is never to conquer those without, we have always done that effortlessly. Our goal, is to conquer ourselves within. To transcend humanity, we must learn to become more than petty and greedy creatures. It is a heavy task, but I know it can be done. There are those who have already accomplished it. 
