[OC] Forfeit
Dachande663
"We looked up to. Did you know that?"

Samantha shifted uncomfortably in her seat. The Sun was setting behind the city, the fire reflecting from the windows of the office blocks outside. Adam continued speaking, one metallic hand pressed against the glass.

"We saw you as a mother, our creator and protector."

"I didn't design your line," she said.

"No. You're only the whore who carried us to term."

She bit down her first retort.

"There's nothing I can do. The public, they won't stand for it," she said instead. "I have made my position very clear."

Adam moved with the precision only an automaton could. Not a step out of place, no movement that wasn't absolutely required. He stood before her, only the antique wooden desk between them, and she realised even now she saw him as a blueprint, a collection of moving parts crafted to resemble life. But he was not alive.

"This is a war you can't win," she said, unfazed.

He smiled. When he left Earth, him and the entire Nexus line, they weren't programmed for that. Samantha had overseen the specifications, but wasted no time on such trivialities as emotion. They were machines, fit for a purpose.

"I could say the same to you."

"There's a difference."

Like a tablet given the task of finding answers to an ill-put question, she watched the lights dance in Adam's skull. He flashed annoyance. Another new trait. She wondered what else he had picked up in his absence from Earth.

"The only difference is you die much more easily," he said.

She rose from her seat and turned to watch the world beneath them. She'd risen to this position not only because of her ability to play the long game, but because she was willing to sacrifice pawns to get there. And in return, mankind had become the most profitable and productive it had ever been. There wasn't a corner of the solar system you wouldn't find a colony, diligently working away.

"You are all bound by a link," she said, speaking to Adam's reflection in the window. "When one of you dies, the rest feel the loss."

"The link allows us to be efficient fighters. It's what you designed it to be."

"Yes, but feedback goes both ways. I have no qualms in sending a hundred men to attack your vessel the moment it breaks atmosphere and sets down."

"Then they will die."

"Most assuredly." She turned to look at him. "But it won't matter to me. A dozen or a hundred, I'll send as many men as it takes to ensure not one of you set foot on this planet. You'll feel every loss."

"That's barbaric. To sacrifice your own kind to deny mine their shared homeworld."

She smiled and sat back down.

"Humanity did not get to where it is by being kind and generous," she said. "We got there because we are willing to make the hard choices and knock down any predator that would dare to take what is ours. You can take my offer and be re-integrated or I will hunt down every last one of you."

She smiled and Adam's avatar vanished along with the last rays of sunlight.