[OC] Xenos Watch Too Much Television
TerraChron
Did you know I used to be blonde? 

Okay, there are probably better ways to start a story like this one. However, when youre hurtling towards a planet at terminal velocity for the third time in one day and youre being deafened by the sound of your clothes being pulled at by gusts of wind strong enough to severely discomfort a medium-sized dog, its hard to focus.

I was abducted.

Thats probably what I should have started with. I resisted, of course. I tried to punch the first one as hard as I could and it sort of exploded. We all just paused for a second, trying to process what had happened, and it doesnt matter what race youre from, a flat what is universal. The second received a backhand, which only removed the top half of his head. I killed the third one with barely any splatter. 

They punched me with their ship. Just sort of landed it on my head. Overkill, perhaps, but it seemed I had them a little ticked off. Last thing I remember was a hollow dunk sound, and to this day I will hold that the sound was the ship.

I woke up a while later with the kind of headache the average hangover wants to grow up to be like, strapped to a table meant for something much larger. To my unpleasant surprise, the restraints seemed to be perfectly able to hold any shape, including mine. It seemed far more resistant to my strugglings than the creatures were. One of them stood a little distance from me, and spoke. 

Now, I watch a lot of sci-fi. Like, a *lot*. Like, what are you doing with your life amounts of science fiction. You know what annoys me about it? That aliens always speak our language. Okay, so universal translators, sure, but why would they all speak the same dialect or accent the protagonist speaks? Dont tell me a universal translators are that good.

Turns out they arent, when the small fat thing that looked like a can of mouldy beans burst open - I mean really mouldy - started speaking with a scandinavian accent so thick I barely understood him. I just stared at him dumfounded. He fiddled with a dial on his wrist and switched to French, then Russian. I spoke English back to him and for the first time in my life I heard a species from another planet let out an exasperated sigh. Fiddling with his wrist again, he switched back to the heavy Swedish (I decided) accent.

You have been chosen from your species as one of the most physically impressive. You will become a creature of legend.

When I said before that the flat what was universal, I wasnt kidding. I didnt have to say anything, just stare at him. It just looked straight back. Without breaking eye contact, it pressed a button. If a beep could sound smug, that one did. Machines all around me started to move, whirling what I was sure was a blowtorch, among others, in my direction. Fighting against the restraints I started to protest. They injected me with so many weird liquids, my brain was trying to panic about four different things at once. All I could say was whavledoyoughovobplafuck, which will surely go down in legend as one of the most profound ways to start human-alien relations.

When I woke up, I felt different. Partly because, well, I was falling. Not falling out of bed, falling. Falling out of a spaceship in orbit falling. I looked down at my feet and the ship, and quite a bit more debris than Id thought. Then up at the planet. God, that is something I never want to think again. Looking up at the planet. Im scared of heights as it is. The ludicrous amounts of anaesthetic were probably the only reason I wasnt screaming. Or maybe they were the reason I couldnt hear myself screaming. Results were the same to me, though probably not for any birds I might have passed.

The ground was looking awfully big. I didnt recognize any landmasses. That was new, but not unexpected when youre abducted. Keepin it realistic. If theres aliens, theres probably more earth-like planets. Fuck you, Fermi. I hit the planet, head-first. Or rather, the planet was sort of there to slow me down. There was a considerably loud crunching sound as I  fell through the soil. I could barely feel it, even though it was kind of getting denser underneath me. Finally, somehow, I stopped moving.  Looking at my surroundings i noticed that there wasnt much to see. I was in a hole. And from the looks of things, a rather deep one.

I sat there for a minute, pondering what the fuck had just happened, and noticed I could lift my arms. Wa-hey for little victories. I pushed myself off the ground to get up and found out that pushing myself off meant that I just pushed my foot into the floor and not much else. I gripped the wall and found that I just slid my hand into bare rock with little more resistance than if Id dipped my hand into a bowl of milk.

This was going to be a problem. I tried to sit up, slowly, but slipped. I tried to grab hold to steady myself and destroyed another piece of wall, fell backwards and sank another ten feet or so deeper into the earth. Fuck.

Then I started to feel light and shot upwards, barreling through the soil. I was assuming a gravity-well or a tractor beam of some sort. Finally resurfacing after about a minute of having pebbles, rocks and boulders bump ineffectively off my head, I saw the ship hovering over a mile-wide crater. It was groaning, possibly from the strain of lifting me?

I was lifted into a small porthole, where the beam unceremoniously dropped me onto the floor. The impact was heavy enough for me to instantly punch a hole through the metal surface, fifteen layers of important-looking cables and walls, and I was once again in free-fall until the beam picked me up again. At this point all I could do was frown in utter and total discombobulation. The beam raised me through the porthole again, very gently, and put me down gentlier. More gently. Gently-est?

The metal crumpled like paper under me, but at least it held. I sat up, slowly, and tried to push myself off as carefully as I could until, after a full minute, I was upright without putting holes in anything.

After a minute, the fat bean-cans came running in.

We are very sorry. We dropped you off the operating table.

What.. Whadidyou. What. Intergalactic diplomacy at its finest.

It looked a little sheepishly at me, then to one of his colleagues.

Well we found no other species that could survive this procedure

It spoke for a little while. Tried to make me into a kind of bioweapon. Basically some super-strong somersaulting weapon. It appears they went overboard on the muscle density. By a factor of ten or so. Process non-reversible. Sorry about that. I ran a hand through my hair. It came off without so much as a tugging sensation. It was still just hair. Probably shouldnt rub my face. I like my eyebrows where theyre at.

Confused, angry, bewildered, I took a step back, put my foot down too hard, and fell through the floor a third time.
