The Dead Judges
RemoteCalamity
this piece is something I did a **LONG** time ago ~~like two years ago~~ that was posted to a site with a smaller HFY subset than the Reddit. typed it mostly out of boredom~~so I'm most likely not gunna be writing anything else any time soon~~. decided to sign up and post it somewhere it'll be at home. 
======

We don't know what the humans did. Everything just happened. The horror that came was nothing like we have seen. 

What am I thinking. The young aren't affected by this curse yet. You haven't an inkling of what I speak of. I don't think you should learn of such thing from an old Thagic like me. 

What's that? 

You want to know anyway? Well, if you wish to know what awaits you in adulthood, I shall speak of it. 

In order to understand why this happened, I must tell you of the human's history. They where what was called a [wordnotfound] race, a race that was almost always in a [wordnotfound]. I can tell that you don't understand the concept of [wordnotfound], and hopefully you'll never have to. All you have to know is that many people die in a [wordnotfound]. Everyone would lose someone; a [close translation for "wife"] in the crossfire, a [close translation for "son"] on the front lines, or even a [close translation for "father"]. Many would grow up to hate conflict due to their loses. There was this one human by the name of Ryan Copper, that wised for nothing but peace at the cost of anything, and so he turned to the void in-between life and death to do so. 

I was traversing the Kactanian deserts for a place to stay after my transport crashed when it finally happened. The curse of the dead was set apon the galaxy. The galactic date was 6124-13, 30-05 sweeps ago. Ryan Copper had made the spirits of the dead come to haunt the living. Do not scoff at your elders history as if it where a simple tale. 

Where was I? ah yes, traversing the Kactanian deserts. I felt weak and weary for dehydration, and starvation. My shell was about to implode from lack of internal pressure when I wondered onto a human settlement. I found such thing preposterous because the humans weren't allowed to settle on any planet in a system belonging to the Garconius. Or anyone else for that matter. From what I heard human settlements are rowdy and loud, but this one was silent and abandoned. This didn't strike me has odd because the humans once [wordnotfound] with the Garconius over planetary rights, so I assumed this was once a human world.

My first clue that something was weird when I found perfectly good food out of storage. One can easily say that the Garconius where using this place has a outpost. Knowing that I looked for water and the Garconius the where meant to be stationed there. I found no trace of hov-vees coming or going, nor tracks except my own. This stirred my mind in uneasy ways. I had the galactic credits to repay anything I ate, and so i knew the Garconius would not get mad. Always thinking about equal value. I helped myself to enough supplies so I wouldn't die. Then a noise. The simple shifting of sand under movement limbs. I think the guards have come back, and so I reach for my credit chip so I can explain the missing supplies without anger. Has I round the corner to face where the sound had come from there was nothing. I was sure I heard the sound of shifting sand right there. I searched for disturbed sand, only to find nothing. 

Nothing had happened to this small patch of sand. I then hear another shift in the sand not far from where I stood. I raced towards the place that emanated the sound only to find nothingness again. This happened three more times.By the end of this invisible chase, I was in the center of the settlement of unsettlement. I was still straining my ears in-order to find where the next movement limb sound would come from, but instead a whisper. My translator couldn't pick up any solid words due to it being too hash a tone. I snap toward the direction it came. It was a small human entrance. Then again a bit louder, and it was translated to "come in." Now at this point I'm terrified, and have drawn my slug pistol. Has I enter I hear more hushed whispers, as though they where a crowd of humans roaring like they always do. The settlement became lively again.

In the center of the room was a small human, and judging by what I know of human biology it was a child. It was facing opposite the entrance, playing with a couple of wooden models of what they call "trains." The child then turns to face the door. There's this noise that doesn't connect with my mind for a few seconds, only until I see the back of the child head splatter across the walking area. It had been shot in the upper portion of it's cranial casing. Then an adult female human came running it to cradle the deceased one, crying. The whispers where now crys of fear and slug weapons. 

Then silences once more. Has the images stood still there was nothing. Has I turned to see the aggressor, I saw no one. Nothing stood in the entrance with a slug weapon but I. Then the whispers came once more. They where no longer whispers though, they where blood curdling screams of rage. The rage humans where so well known for. I then felt a slight tapping on my shell. I nearly jump out of my shell in surprise, and turn to see what had touched me. I wish I hadn't. 

The child was now standing in-front of me grinning with the slug hole still in it's casing. By this point I am about to lose all control over my waste disposal. And so I ran. 

I ran has fast has I could, but the child never left my side. It didn't need rest, or even move it's limbs. It would just glide across the surface I walked on, and passed through anything I put between us. When I was done running, I grabbed my slug pistol. Aimed at it. Fired at it. and the only thing that did was piss it off. It's shadow just seemed to grow, and grow, until the everday in the desert was like night. It's eyes started to sink into it's casing and turn black. It's limbs started to lengthen to beyond humanly possible. It's very flesh started to rot. Has all this was happening I was mortified. I dropped to my knees in fear. It reverted back to the grinning child when I had lost all control of my body. I saw that the child was looking at the pincer in which I held my weapon, and so I looked too. My pistol was no longer in it. I then tried to pick it up, but the horror was angered by this until I put it in its holster.

I tried to find the settlement again, so I back tracked. When I presumed that I was within visual range of it or closer, I found my tracks to be chaotic. My track came and went from one spot. The child then decided to sit down infront of it. I realized I had found the place, but not the settlement. I began to think I wasn't going to make it off that planet. I began to dig my own grave. The child stared at me. it then pointed in one direction. It told me to follow it's lead in order to get off the planet. After seeing what it can look like, I didn't want to learn what it could do to me. After many [close translation for "hours"] I found the space-landing pads. 

I learned at the landing pads was that every adult had started to see the dead. The officer that processed me through civilian transport said no matter what they did to the [loose translation for "ghosts"], they wouldn't leave anyone be. Has I was going to my home located on Sol 4, I asked my phantom why this was happening. It told me with a black pair of eyes that they will now judge the adults of the world, and should one be judged "a bad man," has my child said, they would tear their body and spirit limb from limb. This stopped anyone from fighting each other for fear of spiritual dismemberment. 

That is what awaits you in adulthood, young one. 

You don't believe in the dead spirits? I can see why. When young ones like you see nothing, you believe there is nothing. Even the most advanced minds can't figure out how a lowly human was able to bring spirits into our lives. But don't fear, your spirit is a kind one. A [close translation for "mother"] to be correct. 

How do I know? 

because I never forgot that place.