"Behold!", spoke Humanity, "I am Important"
amphicoelias
On a planet around a small star in a distant corner of the universe, a species slowly climbed down from the trees. This was humanity. Like a baby, it was helpless. Stumbling around the savannah, it could not even properly defend itself against the other creatures there. Several times, it skirted extinction.

It was, however, gifted with the ability to reason, to understand the world around it, and with this special eye, it looked at the immense void around it and proclaimed: Behold! I am important.

It was like the sound of a fleck of dust hitting the ground. The Universe ignored it.

Several thousand years passed. Humanitys extent unimaginably increased from that small start. It learned to control its fellow creatures, and to influence its environment in small, tiny ways. Again, it cried out Behold! I am important. It was now like the sound of a butterfly flapping its wings.

The Universe ignored it.

Another couple thousand years passed. Humanity had now explored its entire home planet, and even established itself in a few places beyond. Cosmically, these were small steps, perhaps not even entire steps; half-step perhaps, or quarter steps, possibly less. Still, humanity remained confident. Behold! I am important.

The Universe ignored it.

Humanity now reached for the stars, the nearest stars. Again, it took small steps initially, but soon became more confident and began taking bigger and bigger strides. Still, it was not large, perhaps big enough to create a faint, distant whisper. Now more desperate, and perhaps only to convince itself, it cried out again: Behold! I am important.

And the Universe ignored it.

Humanity continued crawling forward. It encountered fellow sentients; it learned to shape planets to its - and their - liking; it survived and mastered countless challenges; it dipped its toes in the cold water of intergalactic travel for the first time.

Still, the systems it controlled or influenced were dwarfed by the sheer immensity of the remaining space. Yet humanity did not give up. It once more reached its arms to the sky and wanted to declare its greatness, but then it doubted. It let its arms drop down and asked: Am I important?

Perhaps the Universe heard it, probably not. In any case, it ignored it.

Humanity grew old, and wise. All throughout the known cosmos it was held in high regard, the oldest race. Invariably, the younger races marvelled at its achievements, at the extent of its reach, at the sophistication of its technology, at the depth of its understanding. Whispered tales of Gods followed wherever a human tread.

But humanity ignored these foolish whispers. It knew it was not mighty, for the Universe could not hear it. No matter how powerful it had grown, it was still only a part of the cosmos, and thus dwarfed by it. The Universe would not listen to it. It would continue to expand, slowly stretching until a point would be reached at which it would end humanity, not out of malice, but simply because it hadnt noticed it.

Humanity had long since bowed its head at this. This fate was inevitable, that it knew.

But moments before the end, it remembered the foolish optimism of its younger age. Again, it reached out and said, cautiously, and with more humility than any of the previous times: Universe, I exist.

This time, Universe heard. It noticed humanity, but shrugged and continued its slow march toward that final, inescapable end.

Emboldened, Humanity spoke again. Universe, stop.

And the Universe obeyed.