F.A.R.T | Shore leave :D (or not)
TrueDankMemer
So somehow I ended up writing two parts for you guys :D Only problem is that I left out a major part between them (Drake banging the queen, 40k ODing on 16 different drugs, and Lemon crying for three days straight. Anyways, enjoy :3

---

First Part: https://www.reddit.com/r/HFY/comments/478zq8/oc_fart_1_teaser_maybe/

For other parts check out my reddit profile and the bot in the comments.

---

The Newtons dining hall was as standardised as it could be. Kept mostly in white, with the food dispensers, a less nice name for the people working there, having their workplace in one corner. The tables were set up in long rows and had a water tap every few meters.

Between this labyrinth of tables Lemon walked with his plate of food looking for anyone else from his squad. Quickly he found 40k and sat down across of him, but instead of starting a conversation 40k signalised him to keep quiet and then pointed at two soldiers who were sitting not far from them. Lemon looked over and began listening to their conversation.

...So listen, Im telling you. The jet is flying in their direction, firing everything it has. Everyone is jumping into cover but this guy just pulls out his sniper, takes aim, and pew, kills the pilot with one fucking shot.

Bullshit! The other soldier shouted out.

Ive seen it with my own two eyes man. And the best part, the jet crashes right on top of an enemy convoy, kills all of them.

You know 40k spoke to Lemon. As far I remember, that one shot came from an RPG.

Mhm Lemon replied and started eating.

Dont you want to correct them ?

Lemon shook his head and after he had finished chewing explained. I like their version better.

40k chuckled up until he felt a hand on his shoulder. He turned to the side and saw how Drake sat down next to him, and Ghost next to Lemon. All of them looked way too relaxed for the fact that only some hours ago they were swimming in liquid shit.

So what are we having today ? Ghost asked looking at his meal. Even looks edible. Nice.

Tastes alright. Lemon added. Needs less synthetic stuff.

40k wasnt eating like the others though. There was something else that had caught his attention. In some distance, right between the meanest bunch of soldiers on board of the Newton, one rather familiar face stood as if it were looking for something. It was Vicy, her comm officer uniform being rather distinctive among all these army shirts. For a while he thought what she could be doing in the soldier's dining hall, when all the officers had their own, then for some reason he raised a hand and waved her over. Her rather worried expression quickly got replaced by a smile and soon she joined the FART at their table.

Evening everyone. She said still smiling.

The others didnt notice her at first but then as they turned around greeted her. Then she turned to her food only to notice that she had no idea what was in front of her. She took some time to examine a small bowl with a white powder inside it, then looked at the others for advice. 40k took the bowl from her and held it under the water tap. After the powder got wet it began smoking and after some time a small piece of bread emerged from it. Freshly baked thanks to chemistry.

I thought it was cocaine at first. He said as he handed her the bowl with the bread. What are you doing here with the common folks ?

I wanted to see how you guys were doing. She said happily, then tried some of her food only to have the smile disappear instantly. What the hell is this ? she asked the group.

Mashed potato dress up fiesta. Lemon replied. Mashed potatoes dressed up as chicken nuggets, vegetables, and even more mashed potatoes.

Soooounds delicious. She said sarcastically.

The exact opposite of what it really is. 40k added.

Anyways Ghost was the first one to bring some serious tone to the table. We need to discuss what happened down there. Who the hell were these people ?

All the others did their best to match Ghosts tone. Lemon started. Some kind of spec-ops I guess.

No Drake continued. These guys were more than spec-ops. They were something special. Something like... us.

Uh I sure hope they are not. 40k said But they sure got real good equipment and training. Their adaptive camo is better than ours I hope we never see these invisible guys again.

Theyre invisible. Lemon commented.

Yeah I know what I said. 40k shot back.

I cant wait for the admiral to show up and begin asking questions. Ghost said, only to feel a strong grip on his shoulder in the same second.

Well then you should be glad I am here already. Admiral Gordon said, polite grin on his face. Then he proceeded to sit down next to him. Now tell me what happened.

Everyone remained silent. Only after some time 40k burst out. Shit went down, yo!

Yeah I got that from Vicys report. But what kind of shit exactly ?

Well Ghost began explaining. We met another group of soldiers just like us. Camo, drop boosters, even a mobile signal jammer.

I see the admiral replied and leaned his head on his hand. I understand that 40k has been injured.

Yeah. 40k burst out. Had two bullets removed from my stomach and one from my leg. Synthetic tissue is holding up good and the doctors say I am fully intact. But the warhammer is gonna lose its arm. I asked the engineers if they could build in a toaster on the new one.

Everyone at the table chuckled, but the admiral still had something to say after things got quiet again. You guys probably know Toasty.

Yeah. Everyone else replied at the same time.

The command wants him to have the toaster arm removed. Say its a security risk.

What ? 40k shot out, sounding as if he had been personally insulted. Security risk ? The Tesla has been flying with the same core emitter for the past 6 years but one toaster is a security risk.

Well every ship has to replace it annually now, so that shouldn't be an issue either. The admiral replied, now smiling wider than usual. Anyways, I expect a written report in six hours. This is it for the bad news. Good news is that we are heading to Earth. You guys deserve a break.

---

This one report was probably the first one the FART handed in in time.They were too happy that they were headed back to earth and didnt want the admiral to change his mind. The Newton already made its way back together with the Einstein, while the Tesla remained with the Zuxis at their planet to provide some support, and to get some important repairs.

The Zuxis themselves were more than glad to get their general back, and as soon he was back on top they launched a massive counterattack against the Kiziaw. So far it looked like the planet would be taken over in no time, meaning an end of combat. It was about time for that.

But during their flight back the FART ended up having to face their worst enemy yet; boredom. All the movies they had on board were either rom-coms for the female staff, or action movies they had seen hundreds of times. Command didnt allow video games, and even the board games they had were sparse. And thanks to the noise the engines made while in FTL they couldnt even sleep properly. This one flight turned into the worst hours of their lives.

What are you guys gonna do once we get back ? 40k asked his squad in an attempt to ease the boredom. The squad was sitting, or lying around in their quarters. Each trying to entertain themselves in any way.

Well I am gonna make a birthday party for my son. Missed the last one. Ghost said, sounding rather proud in the beginning, but his tone quickly changing to a sadder one.

How old is Malik ? Lemon asked him.

Turned ten two weeks ago. Ghost replied. Thinking of his son made a single tear roll down his face. Then he quickly wiped his eyes.

I will probably get drunk and make some bad life choices. 40k said jokingly, trying to distract Ghost. He knew that Ghost was the type of guy who could easily get too emotional once he started thinking about his family. Something that 40k disliked.

Not too different from the usual you. Drake commented. Ill go find myself a nice girl so I dont get lonely. What about you Lem ?

Count me in with 40. Lemon replied. All this talk and he forgot that he had absolutely no plans for when he arrived back home. Getting drunk and bad life choices all the way.

Woohoo. 40k added while throwing his heads up in the air.

FART to the conference room. Suddenly echoed through their small empire. It was the speaker system and the voice that called them was the familiar voice of their admiral. The group looked at each other, wondering why the admiral would call them only minutes before they would arrive back on Earth, but since it could only be something important they quickly made their way there.

Once they were inside the conference room they had already been in before their mission, they were not that surprised to see the admiral waiting for them. What surprised them was that he offered them a seat, so the group took place and listened.

I know you guys can't wait to get back home but this conference couldnt really wait, since I would probably forget it later. Anyways the admiral began explaining I had DI look into the invisible guys you have see met, and turns out that you stepped into a big pile of shit. Look at this.

In the centre of the table a holographic image appeared showing various documents, and even some security videos where a couple of men in adaptive camo could be seen moving. Of course only to those who knew that they were in the picture.

Eden, Spectra, Nhui Klus, Nova Zemlja these guys have been everywhere. And wherever they went, no one was left alive. So far we know little, only that they have always been supporting the wealthier party in existing conflicts, so we assume that they are mercenaries. But what we know is that the technology these guys have is the type no one except us should have, so command wants us to investigate. But only after your break. You definitely deserved it. Now then just as the admiral was finishing his sentence, the ship could be heard slowing down. The FART somehow felt more and more like he was some sort of time god. Enjoy your break. I expect you back on the ship in exactly 160 hours. Thats seven days 40

---

Violently the doors to a conference room similar to that on board of the Newton were kicked open, and admiral Gordon burst inside, his head red as a tomato. One thing was sure: he was furious. But the only person who could get a taste of his fury was Ghost, who had been sitting in a chair at the other end of the room the whole time.

What the living shit is wrong with you guys ?! the admiral began his rant, then slammed his fist against the table. You have been on earth for one fucking day and this happens. 40k almost died to an overdose, Lemon had a mental breakdown, and Drake is being requested as a personal sex-slave for the queen of the Nizim-hive! What the hell happened ?

Well.. It was just then that the admiral noticed that Ghost had been eating chips the whole time, making him even angrier. But the admiral decided to listen since Ghost seemed to be his only source of information at the moment. Drake got curious how the Nizim-hive do the nasty and since they are a hive mind they all began liking him. Especially their queen. Lemon and 40 went on a trip to get drunk and make bad life choices and ended up getting drunk and making bad life choices.

The admiral held his head and dropped himself in one of the chairs. God what did I do to deserve you guys ?

Hey, I didnt do anything. Ghost commented, raising his hands in a defensive manner.

---

Just to mention, I am still writing on my grandma's PC so I still have no spell checker except the one in word. So bear with the mistakes pls ;-;

    (^)