[Biotech] The Clockmaker
RegalLegalEagle
So, this is a short one that was inspired in part by the monthly challenge. Uplift specifically. However... it's less biotech and sci-fi and more... something else. Not sure what I'd call it. But either way here's my short. The Clockmaker.

[My Stories](https://www.reddit.com/r/HFY/wiki/authors/regallegaleagle)

____________________________

What do I know of philosophy? Im just a clockmaker. And yet I find myself staring at the only two books in the whole town that approaches the subject. One of them isnt of much help since it was given to me by Father Sienna. All it tells me about philosophy is that some power greater than myself has already laid out all the rules and I just need to follow them. The other? Well its a bit of a tricky one as it isnt exactly a philosophy book per say. Is that the right term? Per say? I think it is. Heard it used like that before.

Its a bit more of a how to book. All it really says is that its up to us to do everything we can. In order to discover what we can do that we didnt realize yet. Ive read it cover to cover many times over the years. My father gave it to me for my 13th birthday. Shortly after I had my first pair of glasses made. They were incredible things to me. Some little bits of glass, some wire to hold them to my face, and suddenly the world came into focus. He knew how much I liked them, so he gave me the book. And while again, its a how to book, that sort of idea that we must do everything we can in order to discover what more we can do? Well that became my philosophy of sorts.

Maybe Im going about this all wrong. Maybe I need a book on that other thing morals? Well I dont feel like I did anything wrong Ethics maybe? That might be the word I want. Ill have to find someone who has a dictionary. That wont be easy either. Not out here.

There was a rumble from outside and I quickly reached out to set my hands on my tools so they didnt get disorganized while the ship passed. I could see it outside my window briefly. The stars and strikers flying proudly off the back. Theyd come a long way from the gliders and clippers I saw as a kid. Now they were ironsides. Proud ships of peace they said. As if a warship was a peaceship. Dont know if they were lying to us, or themselves. Not like anyone minded. Anything to keep the Marauders at bay, and the old kingdoms.

But those were troubles for other people. People who had an affinity for six shooters and rifles and that sort of thing. Not me. I made clocks. Made. The word rolled around my head for a little. Was it already past tense? I leaned back now that the ship had passed and the danger of disorganizing my tools with it. I suppose I suppose that after this there was a chance I really was done making clocks. Maybe.

To think it had all started with a small gift of bluestone. I knew it was what lifted our ships up out of the water, or carried them above the lava pools, from plateau to plateau. I heard it had some funny properties they said. Well I was far too curious to worry about the hazards of course. The ones I knew about from the manual at least. Id found a few others while I worked. Had to let my eyebrows regrow twice.

All I had been trying to do was create a toy. Something I could sell with the clocks. Something for the kids. They didnt need to know what time it was. What did they care? They had all the time in the world right up until life decides they needed to grow up in a hurry. Then theyd need clocks. To get to work on time. But until then? A toy. Thats all it was meant to be.

I took a slow deep breath, fingers rubbing across my forehead while I leaned back and looked at my creation sitting there before me on the table. It had some charcoal in its hand that Id given it. It was drawing. It had only supposed to been a toy. A little wind up thing. I thought the bluestone would give it some extra I dunno. Extra something. Power? What did I know? I make clocks. Made. Make. I dunno.

It slowly turned to look at me and then held up the piece of scrap paper it had been drawing on with the charcoal. It was me and him. Two days ago it had been child like drawings, very simple, very basic. Now he was properly shading an image that looked almost good enough to be one of those tintypes. I was smiling and he was sitting on my shoulder. Even without a mouth it looked happy. Like he was my little helper or something.

I reached for my glass and quickly tossed it back, squeezing my eyes shut and gasping softly as the whiskey burned all the way down. I wasnt much of a drinker or I hadnt been until two days ago. It set the paper and charcoal down as it got up, walking a few steps across the table before reaching back and twisting the key to keep himself wound up. He kept himself wound up. He knew what would happen if it ever stopped. I didnt teach him that. He just knew. Once he was done he walked forward once more. His legs a little stiff. His gait a bit off. Maybe I should adjust it. Help him walk smoother.

Him. When had I started thinking of it as him? It lifted up the bottle then, tilting it to pour some more whiskey into my glass and then set it back down before walking over to the papers once more and sitting down to pick up the charcoal. I wondered what hed draw next. He. She. It. I licked my lips which felt dry and parched despite the fact that Id had plenty to drink. 

I reached over to pick up my How To book. My own philosophical guide of sorts. I carefully opened it up and turned to a set of pages near the back. There was a list. One written in my own hand fifteen years ago. At the end of the main part of the book the writer encourages the reader to write out a list of things they didnt think they could do. And then challenged them to do it anyway and prove themselves wrong. Since I wrote the list when I was 13 Id been wrong about a great many things on my list.

But some well some I had been right about so far. And now now I moved my pencil up the list to the very first item I had written down. The very thing that as a boy I was positive I would never, ever, in a hundred years, be able to do. And I crossed it off. Create Life. With that done I slowly closed the book and set it aside once more. Then my hand started to move to something else on my table, but it was shaking so badly I had to stop short. All I could do was stare at it.

A gun. I had bought it yesterday. Id never used one before but Hector was nice enough to show me how, and let me try to hit a bottle in his range out back. I hadnt managed it but he said I was close. I could never undo what I had done. Id never uncross that line in my book. But did I let it continue? Did I have the courage to see what would come of this? Did I have the courage to not see what would come of this? It was the sort of question that great thinkers in history were supposed to answer. Not someone like me.

I started to reach out again and stopped. My hands retreated to grip the arms of my chair as I stared ahead. He was drawing something else now. Something new. I didnt know what it was, but I knew what it looked like from here. Blueprints. Thats what Id say at least. I watched him for another few minutes and then recognized what he was designing. A clock. I slowly looked around the walls of my workshop, at all the clocks around me. Some small, some large, some simple, some intricate. And they all had the exact same time on them. Theyd stopped working. All at the same time. Two days ago. When I had finished it.

I started to reach forward once more, my eyes focused on the handle of the gun but somehow my fingers missed and they closed around my glass. I didnt drink more whiskey though. Not yet. I just kept staring. At it. At my books. At my tools. I saw them and yet I didnt see them. My glasses were cracked. The same explosion? Was that the right word for it? The event that had stopped the clocks when I first wound up the gears to make it dance It had also cracked my glasses. Id need to get them fixed but a lenscrafter wouldnt be through for another month or so.

Glasses. They made me better. They let me see. When someone had sat down to create glasses had they thought they were making the world a better place? That they would help people? That they could make their fellow man stronger in some small way? Or were they curious. Like me. Did they just start making a lens to see what they could and couldnt do. Did they have any idea what sort of impact their invention would have? What was their intent?

I didnt have an answer to any of those questions. Much like I had no answer to my own question. I picked up my glass then, knocking it back as the whiskey made me gasp as it burned all the way down yet again. I slumped back in my chair then, lacking the will, or whatever the best word for it was to grab the gun, or to even fill my glass again. But just like before he stood up and stiffly walked over to the bottle to pour me some more. 

Once he was standing I could see the drawing better. The clock he was designing looked wonderful. Elegant in its simplicity. The sort of thing I liked to make. Something that would last for years, even out here. I felt like crying and I wasnt exactly sure why. I was angry, and sad, and confused. And drunk. Most certainly drunk. But that didnt really change the trueness to what I was thinking. The truth? Trueness? My eyes unfocused a bit then so I could look at the little cracks in the lenses held before my eyes.

What do I know of philosophy? Im just a clockmaker. And from the looks of that drawing so is he.