[OC] Waiting
Phantrum
First post! Have no mercy, please let me know if there are formatting issues as I'm on mobile right now. 

Perspiration ran down corporal Evans' forehead and into his eye, it stung but he had grown accustomed to it. Their air conditioning unit had stopped being useful twenty minutes ago, it hadn't been designed to deal with an ambient temperature higher than that of the engines. But even if it had it wouldn't have made any difference. All of the APC's exterior components: tracks, optics, antennas, the main cannon, and vents had been slagged by the enemy plasma weapons. Their armored compartment however was made of sterner stuff and the enemy fire wouldn't melt through it anytime soon, unfortunately this was more a curse than a blessing as the mechanized squad now found themselves being steamed alive in their own sweat as the temperature rose with each plasma impact. 

"The outer hull must be glowing red by now" Thought Evans as he pinched his eyes to try and relieve the now ever present pain. 
 It would have been better to be deployed with alpha company, at least they hadn't had to endure this when they'd been wiped out while setting up camp. They hadn't been trapped inside these metal death traps. The plasma simply torched their clothing, ignited their fat, and boiled the meat from their bones. A quick death if not a pleasant one. 

"Evans, how long until we get that artillery?" Sergeant Walker, he must still be hoping to take them to the grave with him. Living up to his reputation even to the end, the last transmission they were able to get out before the long range comms had been melted was a call for naval fire support directly on their position. It had been half an hour since the radio quit and they hadn't been able to make out a confirmation that they had been heard. 

"No idea, should be soon though" nothing more was said after that. In his heart Evans doubted it would ever come, there had been so much damage that the radio had probably quit working before he even got the coordinates out, besides the navy was constantly back logged by the endless calls for help. But he had to at least try and have hope. The temperature was even higher now and the temptation to try and open the hatch was growing stronger, it would lead to an almost instant death as the plasma bolts would incinerate anything that came out but it would be a quick end to the heat. But so long as there was hope that the enemy fire would be put to an end he and the rest of his squad mates would cling to as many minutes of life as possible, even if they were the most unpleasant they could endure. 

A quiet, hoarse voice broke the silence, "anybody have a cigarette?" The question brought a couple weak smiles and desperately needed chuckles to the grim space. Leave it to private Sanchez to keep his priorities straight and ask for a flaming tube of paper and tobacco while stuck in an oven! Of course everyone in the squad who smoked had run out in the past few weeks of the campaign, cigarettes weren't included in the rations and nobody had thought to stock up before leaving the safe zone. Evans decided to offer a pack of now melted candy covered chocolates instead. 

"Here Sanchez, they don't have nicotine but at least---" suddenly a deafening thunder immediately accompanied by the violent shaking of the earth under them burst into existence! For an eternity the concussive shockwaves were the only thing anybody could feel and the violent pings of shrapnel impacting the hull were all they could hear. Then as suddenly as it began it stopped, everything stopped and time stood still. The ringing in their ears started to fade and the world was quiet. 
 
The silence ceased its existence as a familiar friendly sound quietly began to penetrate the hull, a far away crackle of gunfire. A couple minutes passed and the crackle grew into a series of hull muted snaps and cracks and out of nowhere a loud sizzle came from the other side of the hatch and a cool relief spread through the besieged soldiers, there was water on the other side. Soon the hull had cooled and they opened the hatch with a heart breaking screech as the warped metal protested movement. 

All around them were craters and the shredded bodies of their foes, but most importantly there were friendly soldiers securing the area and a large truck with a water tank trailing it spraying down the warped and deformed vehicles in the area. Evans walked over to the nearest intact alien body. It was a strange creature, something of a cross between a large monkey and a cephalopod. No skeleton, thick medium length fur, and unsettling eyes with two sets of pupils each. He quickly put a bullet in what was probably it's head. 

"Hope you boys enjoyed your complementary sauna and steam room because the vacation is over! Fill your canteens and grab a snack because we are hoofing the fight right to them!" 

