[OC] Education
BadWritingThrowaway
Horbath regarded the human as he circled it. It was hunched over its prize, gnawing at the protein ration, and regarding the approaching Maeroot with its small, forward set eyes. 

Be careful Horbath. warned his Zaret companion.

This one is only a juvenile. I will be fine.

But its sire watches us from above.

If its parent cared, he would have intervened by now. Horbath spat

Thats not how Humans work.

Horbath made his move, and the human lashed out with a small edged weapon. Horbath retreated, hissing, cradling his cut limb.

I told you!

You did not tell me he had a weapon, only about his parent.

I told you to be careful.

Horbath moved closer again. It is still of no concern. That will not happen again.

The other human is still watching.

Let him watch.

This wont end well, Horbath, let it go.

The other human does not care. I can handle this one.

Fool. Muttered the Zaret

Useless coward. 

Coward or not, I will be alive in a few moments, you will have a hole in your head, and I will enjoy what is left of *your* rations

The juvenile does not have a ranged weapon, and I doubt very much he has the strength to put that knife through my skull.

The other human does, and it will be a pity you wont live to learn from your error.

Horbath continued circling the human.

Tell me, Cuul, what makes you so certain of yourself?

I have seen this before. this is how they train their young.

Train? Their *young*?

The larger human will let this one defend himself as he is able. If he is not able, then you will die, and the larger one will council the juvenile as to what he might do better next time 

If the young human is not able, he will die, and I will enjoy his rations *myself*.

As you wish, Horbath.

Horbath moved towards the human again. About equal in size, the human had a slight edge in strength and speed, but had only his knife against Horbaths claws. The two met, and the human lunged forward, sinking his blade in to Horbaths torso. Horbath raked across the humans chest with his claws, and kicked him back. He pulled the humans knife from his torso and threw it aside, and leapt towards the human, claws extended. Halfway there, his head exploded, and he landed harmlessly where the human had rolled away.

DAD! I was FINE! The younger human rose with a rock in his hand. If youd let him land in the dirt, Id have had him.

Tell me, the older human said, What exactly were you going to do with that rock?

Hit him in the back of his head! the juvenile responded.

Hita Maerootin the back of its head? And even if he had been so gracious as to not bury those claws in your gut as you did sowhat exactly did you think that was going to accomplish?

Oh

Oh. Replied the larger human. 

You! called out the adult. Were you two traveling together?

Yes Cuul called back. I tried to warn him

I heard. Would you care to split his rations with us?

Yes. Thank you.

As they set to dividing Horbaths possessions, the older one asked So how did you come to know so much about Humans?
