Kneel
linksfan
He gasped awake as an enormous foot collided with his chest. Something cracked and as he frantically moved to a sitting position he was forced to double over and retch, splattering the ground with blood.

His captors didn't make a sound. He looked up and could see no sadistic joy in those massive faces staring at him. Nor any sadness, either. If he hadn't known better he would have said they were bored. They looked on impassively as the foot returned, knocking him down, causing him to give a sharp cry of pain.

Camp. A word came, as dispassionate as the body that spoke it. This face loomed over, spittle pattering down as it said again. Camp.

No. He managed. One word answers to one word questions.

The face came closer, eyes darting unnervingly quickly over him. Closer still it came and he had the distinct impression that it was deciding whether he was more than an animal. He grimaced, unable to help it, and spat at the face.

No!

It didn't even recoil, as if it had been awaiting such a response.

The foot came again and he struggled to push back the blackness in the corner of his eye.

Camp. Tell us. Those dispassionate eyes. The lack of anything resembling an expression on its face. Were they fucking with him? They must have emotion. They just didn't think he was worth it. That was it, wasn't it? He struggled to his feet, defiant, unwilling to simply roll over and give up, but only got to one knee before the foot came again and the blackness won out.

---

He came around to shouting.

...and leave! A lone figure, a girl, far too young, stood in front of an audience of giants, brandishing a sword. She swung at one and caught it in the head, cleaving through it. There was no reaction from its brethren as it crashed to the ground, shaking the room. The girl shouted something again, lost in his daze, and another giant died.

He saw it coming before she did. Mistaking it for more blackness, the shape of a giant seemed to suddenly exist in the shadow of a corner. It threw a man-sized fist. The girl became a red smear on its clenched fingers. He choked, trying to scream in anger and at the loss of this stranger.

The sword clattered to his side. His captors were still, looking at him again. He grasped the handle, using the blade to help him rise.

For a brief moment, the entire world became a single, booming noise from one of the giants. Kneel. He very nearly did. For that beautiful half-second everything was so simple. And then he was out of it. Again the word came. Kneel.

But they were Giants and he was Man. He was Man and he would kneel for no one. He stood.

He gasped a cry of rage and pain and charged.