Ring of Fire 14: Position of Strength
Sgt_Hydroxide
The singing was already underway by the time the regiment departed Mezun Fort. Ragged off-key renditions of bawdy tunes and old battle songs wafted from throats half-parched with a night of heavy drinking and a half-day of heavy sleep.

The singing intensified once the smoke trails were sighted on the horizon, the sure sign of the bandits no doubt encamped on the shore. Heralds of glory to come; glory, and merciless combat!

The singing became deafening when one figure detached from the horde, rounding the front of the mounted warriors at an easy canter. His armor glittered in the sun, a magnificent work of silver plate adorned with golden gossamer, carved with his familys sigil. 

Lord Emsil, of House Mahiron!

Noble elves! The Elven lord shouted over the din, and the warriors quietened. The goddess has seen fit to give us another victory to add to our names. The Spriggans now know our strength. This day, these pirates will as well!

He drew his sword, and a collective murmur of admiration rose from the assembled warriors. This was Mulivar, the fabled blade of House Mahiron. Forty inches of steel, hammered from a single piece. The bane of the west! In the midday sun, it gleamed like a beacon as its noble wielder raised it high.

There is your enemy! He pointed it at the shore, with a flourish worthy of a thespian. There lies your triumph, and your fame!

The horde roared as one. Lances and blades danced in the air, as the warriors shook their armaments in bloodthirsty anticipation.

We will ride to yonder hilltop and encamp there. He pointed now to a grassy knoll in the distance. I want a solid line of horses all across the plain! Let them witness our numbers, and cower!

A shout of assent came from his troops. Emsil did not miss the nervous smile on the face of his second-in-command, who himself commanded the second *lysyx* of one thousand horse archers. In fact, Ievos Verenar seemed to sit uncomfortably in his own saddle, his sword still firmly in his scabbard.

Emsil scoffed mentally. Ievos might be a family friend, but he had none of Emsils spine or initiative. The elf was ill-suited for the battlefield, weak-livered and without direction. His skill with the sword was indifferent. He charged of coursegloriously, in factbut only after Emsils *lysyx* was well into the enemy lines, and all vestiges of resistance were nonexistent.

No matter. Emsils own knights would take the day. The enemys spoils and their standard, if indeed those barbarians carried one, would be in Emsils own tent. 

Ievos could eat the scraps in the pirates cookpots if he so wished.


***



Youre right. Dusky handed the binoculars to Alanbrooke. Theyre moving out.

Damn. Its straight out of a movie. Rama murmured. The lines upon lines of mounted knights, spears longer than a man was tall, armor shining in the light.

Somebody stop me if I start humming The Fellowship of the Ring. Darius Cooper squinted through the scope of his M4A1.

Doesn't look good. Rama scowled.

The four men were crouched in the shadow of a copse of trees, just behind a natural ridge that overlooked the plain. The vantage point offered them a full view of the plainand the army that now approached in the distance. A solid mass of horses, spread out across in every direction. The sunlight danced off the innumerable suits of plate armor, like the shimmering scales of some gigantic fish.

About three thousand horses. A third of them look like ranged units, judging from the bows. Dusky marked the formations on his makeshift map.

Alanbrooke scanned the encroaching force intently. No foot infantry, the general observed. I would have expected some of the forest troops to be fielded here.

Fireteam Echo has the forest, Rama responded. As per your instructions, anyone that tries to circle around the field and come into our flanks via the trees will meet with them. Theyre our bestand onlydefense against the enemy attacking us forestside.

So whats the plan? Dusky asked. You just walk out there and meet them?

Alanbrooke grunted, standing to his feet. Thats the plan. Language is going to be a problem

Darius and Rama simultaneously let out a cough that sounded like, no shit.

but with any luck, well make it clear what we want from them. And that well hold this field until we get it.

The general straightened his vest. The KRISS Vector dangled from his front, its stock folded back. Right. Whos got the white flag?

I do, said Darius reluctantly. He lifted the white cloth, somewhat stained, hanging from the end of a broomstick. The SEAL looked like his dignity was severely hurt. Glad that cameras dont work here. If any of you Instagram this shit I will *rip* your face off.

Rama looked at Darius hand. One finger sleeve of his glove was tied off. Hows your hand?

Ill manage. The SEAL shrugged. I'm usually better with my dick than my fingers anyways.

Lets go then. Alanbrooke led the way.

The three men marched down the ridge, Darius holding the sign of truce aloft, and advanced towards the approaching horses. 

Dusky, on overwatch duty, yelled out a flippant good luck! to their backs.

The horde of mounted soldiers came ever closer. A seemingly never-ending wall, stretching out of sight. A few scattered shouts rang out, followed by orders bellowed out. The humans had been spotted.

General, I have a question, Rama muttered.

Go ahead, Alanbrooke said.

What if the white flag means something different in elf culture? Like, we are going to kill you and fuck your corpse, or something?

The general looked behind, at the sullen SEAL holding the flag above his head. Then ahead, continuing his stride towards the wall of lances and horses. And finally a grin broke out, involuntary yet strangely fitting.

If that happens, Rama, he patted his submachine gun, empty your clip.