A Northman prepares to sail east.
NorseEconomist
I was bored yesterday and started reading about ancient China and some of the stuff they came up with and stumbled across the compass. I know lodes stones were in use for centuries in the west in real life, but here the elves never came to use it because they have magic instead.

&nbsp

"Leif my friend! It is good to see you! Where have your adventures taken you this time?" Orodaer the smith of the small elven fishing town of Felsthemar asked when the young human entered his shop.

"I know what you want you, charred old cur, but I'm afraid that I haven't come with any more of that Tysic Iron you are so enthralled by, My travels took me even further east, I didn't have the time to stop in Tysus this time. in fact we're returning to let my father know about the trade opportunities beyond the dwarven strongholds in the east."

"Surely you jest, there is nothing in those wastes aside from the Nomads, and they have never had anything of value."

"And what do you think lies beyond the wastes? Tell me Oro, I'm listening."

"I don't know, only the Nomads would kno..." Orodaer began "Don't tell me you beleived their tall tales of humans with magic. You and I both know humans aren't blessed with the gift."

"Care to explain this then Oro?" Leif said as he pulled a square plate and an oddly shaped spoon from his bag. "The Nomads said they got it from a kingdom far in the east called Weishu, they call it a 'south pointer'."

"I don't believe it, it has no magical aura. You've been bamboozled my friend." Orodaer said

Leif only grined as he set the plate down and then placed the spoon on top only for the spoon to slowly rotate until it stopped.

"B-but that..."

"It is pointing south, I know." Leif responded a wide grin plastered on his face, "Wait what do you think you're doing Oro?"

"This is impossible and I'll prove it!" he said as he rushed about testing multiple different places in the shop before finally sitting back down on his bench. "How? How does it know Leif? It isn't magic so how?"

"I'm afraid that's a question for a better man than I Oro."

"How much?"

"I'm afraid it isn't for sale Oro, just consider this a taste of the many wonders I'm going to bring back from the far east my friend." Leif said as he carefully began putting the south pointer away in his bag. "I hear that they also use fire spells to celebrate over there, I'm sure your kids would enjoy that. Now let's get down to business, since my men and I are going on a long trip soon, I was hoping you would supply us with a few magic swords made with that Tysic Iron. After all we are going somewhere where none but the Nomads have gone before and they tell stories of ferocious beasts."
