F.A.R.T | What a coincidence...
TrueDankMemer
Alright. First of all I ask for extra bit of forgiveness with gramatical errors here. I am spending the week at my grandma's place, and her PC is so full of shit that it overheats while starting like half the time. So you can probably guess that using any kind of spellcheck on this PC would take at least 16 1/2 years. So this one time: please ignore them. I will run this thring through a spellchecker once I get home again. Please bear with me. And not with DiCaprio in the Revenant.

For some weird reason my grandma has a 4k, 2 meters width TV with a FUCKING TOUCHSCREEN though.

Anyways... please enjoy. The next part will have less pew pew (sorry) but more blah blah (again sorry... or not)

---

First part: https://www.reddit.com/r/HFY/comments/478zq8/oc_fart_1_teaser_maybe/

For other parts please check out my reddit profile or the bot in the comments. (seriously, can like everyone make a wiki page here ? Or do I need to ask first ?)

---

Surprisingly the rest of the car ride was as calm as it could be. A bit weird for the fact that they were only a few kilometers away from the lines, and that not five minutes ago they had been chased by what looked like half the Kiziaw troops on this planet. A couple of times the vehicle made dying noises but so far it kept the FART going along with general XerXaw. And even though, actually especially because it was so calm, the FART had all their weapons ready. It looked way too much like a trap.

Vicy, why is it so quiet ? Drake asked their coordinator in a short moment where his surroundings werent getting his full attention.

I I dont know. The vehicles you destroyed before are still there, but the whole satellite feed doesnt show a single hostile. And that isnt even the worst part.

What is it then ? Drake asked her, stealing the line from everyone else in the squad.

The beachhead you are supposed to get to it is empty it seems. Not a single living soul is moving there and they are not reacting to any of our calls.

And we are supposed to check it out ? 40k asked. He had a reason to assume that their plan was about to change again.

Not this time. Command wants you to get.. ...as soon as poss. Her connection broke up for a second. ...You get it ?

The FART looked at each other. It was incredibly rare for their com systems to malfunction. Overlord, please repeat. Drake said sounding more serious than at any point during this mission.

You are to the rest of her speech was replaced by static.

Ghost. Drake faced his squadmate. What is this ?

Interferences I thought we are at a locked channel. Ghost replied after checking some data on a small tablet he pulled out of his chest pocket.

Anything you can do ? Drake asked him. The other two FART were also waiting for an answer.

Not here. Dont have the tools. Ghost said coldly. We will have to communicate without the headsets it seems.

Alright then. Drake replied and began checking out their surroundings again. He was obviously not the only one who was worried by the situation. At first the beachhead went silent, then their communication died.

What about the beachhead now ? 40k asked. The general had surprisingly remained silent the whole time.

I guess we should avoid it. Ghost said, being the voice of reason in their group.

I think we should check it out. Lemon said. He wanted to risk it.

Yeah me too. 40k said. Drake what about you ?

Drake turned to his squad again and took a few moments to think. Then he looked at the general. General do you have a problem with us making a short stop ?

Not at all. The general replied. He had no trace of worry in his voice compared to the FART. It seems like a pressing matter.

Drake leaned back again. Alright. 40k keep driving to the beachhead. If our comms are down we cant hear Vicy shout at us. The others chuckled.

---

As the drive went on, the situation became even more worrying. They had seemingly left the nicer part of town and were now moving through what looked like some kind of slums. At first the buildings only looked like they had missed out one or two renovations, but now there were half destroyed buildings surrounded by hundreds of small huts made of various materials everywhere. The buildings didnt even look like they had been fired at, but that their destruction happened a long time ago. But at least there was life in this part of town. Well hidden, but yet here and there the FART managed to catch a glimpse of a local child that got too curious. It was understandable, since this part of town probably had no bunkers for the civil population, yet the FART felt some kind of guilt.

Who on earth would make a beachhead in a place like this ? 40k spoke everyones mind. There are still people here.

I dont know man. This whole operation is a mess. Drake said before looking at the general, only to catch him staring at him.

The general let out a sigh. Now you see why we came here. Why we attacked this planet.

Ghost also looked at him, since Lemon and 40k were busy watching the street ahead. What do you mean ?

Social inequality. This planet was once a part of our empire where only the most conservative ones lived. This is the perfect example what happens when the poor get poorer, rich get richer, and politicians only represent the scissors between the two. The general began explaining. Ghost remained sceptical though. The personal skyscraper of one of the richest guys on this planet, built two blocks away from the biggest slum here. Back in our empire everyone has to share what they earn with all the population, those who took over this planet were the upper one percent that felt like they didn't have to share anything. And the people living in these slums are those who lived here before the rich came. We only came to end this.

Ghost shook his head. And you come here to take over a planet just because of a couple of rich people oppressing a couple poor people ?

Yes. the general replied quickly. We came here to free and help our own people.

Your own people ? Drake asked curiously But they look different from you

Weird hearing this from a human. The general replied. When it is also you who have various skin, eye, and hair colors.

Drake thought, then nodded. Makes sense. And you seem to have a honorable cause more or less. Werent there other ways to solve the situation here ?

Believe that we have tried everything. But we could no longer watch how our people, how common people got oppressed by the rich. The general said with a tone of pride in his voice.

You sound like the perfect allies for the Socialist Union. They are also the type who share everything. Drake said with a friendly tone, and even Ghost nodded.

But what are the Kiziaw doing here ? Lemon asked the general.

I dont know. Our nations have been enemies for a long time, but why they would attack here is unknown to me.

Maybe they wanted to attack before you established order here. Drake added remembering the meeting they had with the admiral.

Sounds logical. The general said. The expression on his face could not be judged by any of the FART. Are we there soon ? he asked to change the topic.

Just around this corner. 40k replied only a second before all the FART had their helmet screens flash up and disappear completely. Aaaaand my HUD is down.

Mine too. Ghost said.

Same. Lemon added.

Can you fix this ? Drake asked ghost again.

Not without my tools. Ghost replied.

Why didnt you bring them ? Drake was a bit angry for receiving the same answer twice.

Well sorry I couldnt foresee that this would happen. Ghost said sounding annoyed.

Guys shut up.40k ordered the others just as he arrived at their destination. Look at this. He added, shucked expression on his face. Behind the windshield, where a couple raindrops had already formed, a scene of death and destruction could be seen. Armored vehicles blown into pieces, dozens of soldiers dead on the ground, and everything full of blood. Blood that was slowly washed away by the stronger becoming rainfall. All the others were just as shocked as him. 

40, time to get out Drake told him. 40k obeyed. He switched to reverse, turned around, and just as he stepped on the pedal the car made another dying noise and dropped to the ground.

Well what a fucking coincidence! 40k shouted out. What now ?

Drake didnt answer. Instead he, Ghost, and the general jumped out of the car. 40k and Lemon followed them. All five of them slowly began walking back, their guns raised and ready to be used. Lemon paused for a second and pointed at a black construct in the middle of the opening they had arrived at just before. It looked like some sort of electronic device, the kind of device none of them had seen before. And around it were countless landing boosters, just like the ones the FART used.

Guys these look quite a lot like our landing boosters. He said pulling the groups attention to them. They all stopped and fell silent.

Yeah another FART unit maybe ? Drake asked, well knowing that the only other two FARTs were far away serving with the first fleet.

Cant be. Ghost confirmed. None of them seemed to be bothered by the rain. They are with the first And that thing in the middle do you think its a signal jammer ?

Lemon stepped a few steps closer and turned around to his squad. There was a tiny blue point slowly moving up Drakes chest. He reacted the way he learned at the academy, and quickly tacked his squadmate to the ground, just in time for both of them to avoid what sounded like a high caliber sniper shot.

All of them rolled, or jumped to the nearest cover, and even once behind one continued moving as the shipers shots tore through the little cover they had, shooting it to tiny pieces.

What the hell is this ? Drake shouted in order for his team to hear him, since their comms were down.

Adaptive camo! Ghost added after getting a glimpse of the shot while changing cover. At least two enemies.

Lemon was the only one who was spared by most of the shooting so he readied his gun, quickly stood up and fired a few shots in the direction where he assumed the enemy, then he jumped to another cover. In this environment there wasnt anything that could stand being shot by one of these bullets. I don't know if I hit him he said, not loud enough for any of his teammates to hear him.

40! Destroy this jammer thing! Ghost ordered. In some distance 40k looked at him then nodded. Then he proceeded to pull out his rocket launcher and load it. Last time he fired it he assumed he wouldnt need to do so again so he hadnt loaded it. All this time he kept moving and avoided bullets just by the skin of his teeth. Once it was loaded he was in the perfect position, so he didnt hesitate to shoot. And he hit. The device lit up in a wild explosion and while it did the FARTs HUD slowly lit up again. But at the same time another few enemies appeared to have opened fire at them. And those had automatic weapons that tore through their cover much faster. And one salve directly hit 40k just before he was about to get into cover again. All the other FART shouted and Lemon quickly ran over to him.

With all this noise they barely even noticed that the comm channel was on again and that Vicy was shouting at them.

Hes alive ! Lemon shouted, giving his team a thing less to worry about.

What the hell are you guys doing ! Vicy shouted through their comms. I just fucking told you don't go the

VICY! Drake shouted Shut up and send in the Warhammer.

But the AAs ? Vicy asked him.

Just do it! Drake shouted back.

What the hell are you doing Drake ! Ghost asked. In all this time he finally managed to fire a couple of shots himself.

I dont know. I just hope it works. Drake replied, then also fired a couple of shots. But other than Ghost, Drake saw that he had actually hit something, at least injured it, or him, or her.

Warhammer is landing in one minute. Vicy informed the squad.

Thats gonna be a long fucking minute. Lemon shouted while he carried 40k with him from cover to cover.

40k is hit! Vicy shouted, the information finally arriving at her screens.

I SEE THE LIGHT 40 shouted back.

Shut up, they only hit your leg. Lemon said to him. There was quite a lot of blood so he wasnt able to see for sure, but most of it was around his lower stomach and left leg, so he made a wild guess.

How is he gonna use the warhammer ? Vicy asked.

This is but a scratch. 40k replied. Either Lemons information had calmed him, or he was joking with the light in the first place. Ive had worse.

Finally arriving at one piece of cover that was more than a sheet of rusty metal and dropped 40k behind it. Drop it at 40s position. He spoke into his headset, then took cover himself and began firing. It looked far from the FART being in control, but at least not as bad as seconds ago. Where the hell is the general ?! Lemon suddenly burst out, obviously the only one who remembered that there was someone else with them in the team.

In the distance he finally spotted the general, the rather small creature running up to an enemy and tackling it to the ground, just to take its weapon and disappear behind cover again. Im here kids. The general finally spoke through his comm device. These things are also human. He added.

What in the earth Drake was about to shout when a soaring noise from above distracted him. He smiled. He had hoped that the rain would be enough to give the warhammer time to land without being shot down by the AA. And he was right. In some distance the mech finally crashed behind what looked like a solid wall and lowered itself to allow the pilot to get in easier. Then after some time it stood up again and presented two large machine guns it had mounted on its shoulders.

Woooohooo Warhammer 40k is fucking ready. 40k sounded through the channel just before a massive barrage from both weapons echoed and moved everything down. Drake, and all the others used the distraction to move behind the robot. Some taking more than others.

The robot is, what its developers had admitted not too long after it was presented, a blatant copy of a robot used in the movie District 9 a long time ago. Some it would remind of a grasshopper, except the weaponry mounted on it of course. It was heavy, difficult to use, and had a short battery life. But in the few hours it was operable it was living hell for pretty much anything it fired at. But behind it, people had quite a nice life. Especially the FART and the general.

This one can use a warhammer ? The general asked them directly, not through the comm channel. He was obviously surprised that someone like 40k was able to pilot one of the most mentally draining machines in the history of mentally draining machines. And this was a long history.

He can drive anything that moves. Lemon answered, his voice suggesting a bit of happiness.

Is his only talent though. Ghost said with a serious tone, making everybody else chuckle. But what now ? We can only hide behind this thing for like an hour or something.

There is a tunnel right below you. Vicy came to their rescue through the comms. Leads behind the lines. But I cant see if it is intact from here.

Drake looked at his squadmates. Does anyone have a better idea ? After getting no reply he slammed his fist against the Warhammers back to alert 40k. 40! A girl just told you she has never done anal before.

40k laughed loudly along with the other FART, then had two rockets emerge from the Warhammers chestplate. Both directed at the ground in front of him. They are always lying. He said before pulling the trigger and making a large hole in the ground. And just as Vicy had said it, below it was something that looked like a tunnel. Only problem was the unpleasant smell.

Oh I am not jumping in that! Lemon shouted out.

Oh all this talk about anal and now you are scared of a bit of poop. Ghost commented and without much hesitation jumped in the hole.

Do you want to live boy ? the general asked before jumping in himself.

Man I am glad I havent eaten yet. Drake said and followed the two, only taking quite a bit longer.

Come on Lem. I gotta cover you. 40k tried to convince his squadmate, successfully. Lemon also finally decided to follow the rest of the team and the Warhammer jumped in right behind him.

---

Drake ? Vicys voice echoed through the channel. Drake ?! she repeated quite a bit louder. Still there was no reply. Inside her comm office Vicy was panicking. Had she just let a squad into death ? Was the tunnel a bad choice ? There wouldve been many other options if only she had more time. But it happened too fast, and the squad demanded a way out way too fast so she picked the first best thing.

For fucks sake, Damien answer! She finally shouted, and was pleasantly surprised to hear a laugh from the other end of the line.

Didnt I tell you to never call me by my first name ?

She laughed out herself. Even after all this he still had some humor. She didnt even think how terrible it would be if 40k had remained the same. How are the others ?

Lemon has puked inside his helmet and Ghost is about to. The general is doing fine, and Warhammer 40k took serious damage to the arm. 40k is alright though.

Great I mean great that you are alive. She said and pressed a few buttons her screens. MedEvac is on its way. And how the hell did you guys land there ? You are like 20 kilometers behind the lines.

Well nobody fucking told us that these people use wormholes in their canalisations.

Everyone laughed. Well, now get back to the Newton and get 40k to the meds.

And the rest of us to the showers. Lemon spoke through the headset. My eyes fucking burn.

---

I just know that some of you have just been waiting for me to make a warhammer 40k refrence... this is a bit more than that :D Hope you liked it. Comments are very welcome and I love seing the.

Other than that... carry on soldier.

    (^)