[OC] Delivery (Continued from "The Crowd")
chipgw
Original [00 The Crowd](https://www.reddit.com/r/HFY/comments/4a7ewv/oc_the_crowd/)

It had taken Matieu a couple hours to get through the crowded landing station, hours that would probably come out of his paycheck after he got chewed out for being late with a guaranteed shipment. Needless to say he wasnt in the best mood as he came up to the building where the delivery was due. It was a rather plain building, and based on the lack of light and the overgrown plants Matieu wouldve thought it abandoned. He double checked that they were in the right place before turning to his assistant.

Go ring the door, He ordered.

That wont be necessary, came a voice from behind them. Ill take it from here.

Matieu and his assistant looked back to see the human from the landing station decloaking atop the first crate.

What? How long have you been there? Matieu demanded.

Basically since I managed to get to you through the crowd at the spaceport, the human replied. I recognized the crates that I was to receive and figured Id just hitch a ride.

Mateiu checked his delivery pad. So youre Adam Jydnak?

In the flesh! responded Adam, baring his teeth. So Ill just confirm the delivery and you can be on your way. Theres no need to worry about being a bit late, that crowd was probably my fault and not something you couldve foreseen.

Matieu was visibly relieved to hear that he wouldnt need to return the guarantee payment. After quickly verified that the transaction was completed correctly, he decoupled the crates from the driving pad. Would you mind if I asked what all this is for?

Yea, I dont really want to talk about it. Besides, you might want to get going before your pal there passes out. Adam gestured to Matieus assistant, whose skin was starting to turn an odd shade of orange.

I I I He stammered, before flopping over as if he had misplaced his skeleton.

Oh shoot, he actually did Adam chuckled in surprise, hesitating a moment before gesturing towards the building. I guess you can bring him inside until he wakes up.


---


A soft light came from the entire ceiling upon their entering the foyer. The building hadnt looked like much from the outside, but once inside the foyer Matieu could tell it was far beyond his pay grade. There was a large antigrav mist fountain in the center of the room, with several universally reshaping chairs around it. The floor was made of an intricate pattern of various precious crystals, and the walls were decorated with an array of aquariums representing the oceans of several different planets.

Wow, exclaimed Adam, she really went all out when I asked for something unassuming on the outside but nice on the inside, this is crazy...

A hologram of a dodecahedron appeared in front of them, pulsing as an artificial voice came over a speaker system. Welcome Mister Jydnak, I trust you had a pleasant journey?

There was a bit of a crowd when I landed which took a while to get through, but other than that it was alright. How about you?

I arrived instantly over the internet.

Yeah? Good for you. Anyway, weve got a passed out Kriaki here who could use someplace to lie down until he wakes up. Maybe we should check his vitals while were at it, make sure hes alright.

A door opened to their right. Down the hall and on the left.

Thanks. The human, carrying the Kriaki over his shoulder, followed the moving hologram to the room it designated.

Pardon me Mister Jydnak, remarked the AI, but I still dont really understand why you sent me ahead rather than bringing me along in person as you typically do.

Well I wanted you to get used to the place before I got here.

I dont need to get used to things like you do, a fact which you know very well.

Okay you got me, admitted Adam as they arrived in a room with an elaborate bed and some basic health monitoring equipment. He laid the unconscious assistant on the bed, and continued. I really just wanted some time to myself. Ive had a lot on my mind lately. He paused and glanced at Matieu. Id rather not discuss it in front of strangers.

I see. The AI paused for a few moments of awkward silence. Shall I take care of the shipment for you?

Yea sure, bring the crates down to the workshop and begin unpacking them. The workshop meets our standards, correct?

That is correct. I ensured it would suit our needs nicely before making the purchase. This residence may very well have the best one on the planet.

Good. Ill meet you there once Ive taken care of this poor fellow.

What, may I ask, happened to him?

I dont think he was prepared to meet a human today, interjected Matieu. Hes new to the business and hasnt been around much, he said, leaving out the fact that even he, a seasoned veteran at his job, was taken aback by the encounter.

Ah, you really have a way with people sir, first you draw a crowd at the landing station and then you knock this unfortunate child out with your presence.

What makes you think *I* attracted the crowd?

Ive traveled with you before sir. I know how it is.

Adam chuckled and then let out a tired sigh. Do you think theyll ever get over it?

The probability of the general populace ceasing to

Never mind the numbers, Adam interrupted. Ill see you in the workshop.

Yes Mister Jydnak.


---


Well, after the first one got a nice response I decided to get moving on another sooner rather than later, so here you go. Im on break for the next couple weeks, so Ill probably get several done at a fairly rapid pace (for me at least).

Im really not sure what to call this collectively. The last one was titled according to its context, as is this one, but I have no overarching title yet. I dont want to just call it the last human cuz thatd be boring...

EDIT: [02 ...Coordinates?](https://www.reddit.com/r/HFY/comments/4awnqz/oc_what_ever_happened_to_humanity_02_coordinates/)