[OC] [Biotech?] [Uplift] Basestock.
thetick2
**Warning:** For some harsh language.

*This is my first post here, hope you enjoy.  There may be a part two, but the idea was the just spatter ideas all over the place and see what grows fruit - so to speak.*



Bekah woke at 4am.  The servitor helped her dress and guided her from the sleep chamber to the command deck.  A table and chair extruded themselves from the floor and she seated herself as another servitor brought her breakfast.  Coffee, croissants, bacon, eggs, toast and a bowl of diced fruits with cream.  She was about half way through it all when the Captain glided in. 

Morning maam, my apologies for the early wakeup. 

Bekah washed down her mouthful of croissant with a sip of coffee. 

What do we have, Captain? 

Aggressive fardrift Xeno-saurids. 

Bekah nodded.  A hand swipe through the air saw a series of projections come to life.  Powerfully built, digigrade legs, a massive upper torso that supported the powerful arms, and a broad, flat skull with a mouthful of what once would have been terrifying teeth.  She nodded at the Captain to continue. 

Bipeds, saurian, ferociously intelligent, aggressive and, unfortunately, here.  The Captain appeared to sniff with disdain.  Bekah watched the screens, slowly munching her breakfast.  Spread out, low cities, except the beanstalks that dotted the home world.  They had reached a level of environmental integration that was impressive.  The capital was so green. 

One hundred and sixteen inhabited systems, total population exceeds 3.4 trillion.  Extensive realspace military assets and an overwhelming desire to use them.  Advancement was kicked off when a Mer-Kin 14th Dynasty lightrunner was located in orbit of their homeworld not long after they developed the technology to get into said orbit.  A more suspicious individual would almost imagine it was left there deliberately.  Expansion was non-military until they had a chance encounter with representatives of a lowdrift felix baseform offshoot.  Contact was established and an exchange of goods and technology began.  This unified their governmental structure on a planetary level and had some interesting long term sociological effects.  Colonies remain under the governance of the homeworld, although there are moves afoot on some to seek independence.  The Captain paused. 

Long term sociological change led to an aggressive government that sought to ensure their continuity as a species.  That was about a century ago.  Since then theyve encountered five other species and engaged in what can only be described as an energetic campaign to cement their place in the order of things.  They have four occupied worlds under their control and- 

Wait, they conquered species homeworlds? 

Correct.  Four of them.  Their technological edge due to the Mer-Kin lightrunner is significant.  And they are a very aggressive species. 

Fuck.  That is impressive.  Bekah kept flicking through the briefing. 

Yes, quite the investment of resources.  Good for them.  As I was saying, continued the Captain, Occupy four worlds, at war with a fifth species, well, actually, more like at war with a faction of a fifth species- 

Explain that? asked Bekah, pouring herself a fresh cup of coffee. 

Fifth species is a factionally divided conglomerate of a cetae seed baseform that co-operates in many things and spends a great deal of time fighting amongst itself in other things.  The Tethenti, the saurids, encountered the Gathering for the Endless Swim about five of their primary system years ago.  They fought, both sides being somewhat xenophobic, and have clashed repeatedly.  Neither shares a biosphere so I am not sure why they are fighting so often, but- 

Ok, but why did you wake me?  Bekah stood and stretched, one hand absently rubbing her now full stomach.  A servitor glided in and began clearing the table. 

Theyve located the cradle. Said the Captain. 

Bekah nodded and grimaced.  There were only a few circumstances where she was ever woken up. 

Anyone else nearby? 

I believe Leciel is within range and I am advised that Travis has also been advised he may be required.  The Captain sounded almost apologetic. 

Engineers? Bekah arched an eyebrow and sighed. 

They are.  The Captains glittering head inclined in acknowledgement. 

Right, have we determined their intentions regarding the cradle? 

Given their previous operating habits, they intend to invade and occupy, maam. 

Have they been warned? 

A suitable baseform ambassador was dispatched a few days ago maam.  He has been waiting for your awakening.  Would you like to perceive the meeting?  Bekah nodded and followed the Captain across the room to where the command deck was extruding from the surrounds.  She settled into the command chair, feeling it mould around her. 

Alrighty then, lets begin. 

Reality snapped around her. 

 
*
 

Bekah blinked as she adjusted to the sudden view change.  Shared perceptions like this were a bit disorienting, even when you were used to it. 

Welcome maam. Said the Ambassador out loud, addressing Bekah.  Bekah glanced around her surroundings.  Tall, broad doors and vaulted ceilings spoke to a baseform that was much larger than her own.  The floor was carpeted with a thick mat of bioengineered fungi that the Tethenti used indoors.  It gave them plenty of traction, cushioned their steps and gave their long claws something to dig into.  Bekah reached down and ran a hand over it, expecting it to be clammy or damp.  It was surprisingly cool. 

Ambassador. Growled a Tethenti, startling Bekah.  She glanced up at the massive Saurid and felt the Ambassador smile and stand.  Baseform the Ambassador might be, but the implants and genegrafts that made him an Ambassador translated the guttural coughs and clicks of the Tethenti so that he barely even heard the original language. 

Ah, Shaganash, a pleasure to see you again. The Ambassador bowed.  The Tethenti made use of similar translation technology, working from a database the Ambassador had given them upon his arrival.  If you listened carefully, you could hear the original language before the implants filtered it and translated it, but only if you listened carefully.  It was a harsh coughing language, used to interact with other species and bark commands on the battlefield.  Between themselves, Tethenti used a more subtle language, punctuated by pheromones and extensive visual cues.  Bekah frowned and motioned for the Captain to dialback the neural perception. 

The Ambassador waited for Shaganash to lead the way.  They entered the meeting room, a wide open space with a single small table set in the middle of it.  No chairs, no other furniture.  A small delegation stood on the other side of the table.  Shaganash motioned for the Ambassador to step forward and stand near the table. 

One of the delegation also stepped to the table. 

I am Minister Uthogis Ghjenent.  The Ambassador inclined his head in greeting. 

I am the Ambassador. 

You are not a species we are familiar with.  The lie slipped easily from the Minister, his pale yellow eyes watching the smaller specimen. 

We are very familiar with your species.  I am here only to deliver a single message.  Recently elements of your military entered a forbidden system.  This datapacket contains translated co-ordinates in your military system.  You are not to enter this system or come within 2 light years, or there will be consequences.  You are not to survey this system.  You are not to observe this system in any way shape or form.  These conditions are not negotiable. 

Uthogis stared at the Ambassador for a long minute before speaking.  Uthogis might have assumed the Ambassador was not equipped to detect the pheromones he was pumping into the air around him.  He would have been wrong.  The Ambassador noted the level of anger literally radiating off the big saurid and kept his face expressionaless. 

What consequences? Asked the Tethenti Minister in a level voice. 

Catastrophic consequences. 

Why is this system special? asked Uthogis. 

It simply is. Said the Ambassador. 

How are you familiar with our species? 

You have been observed. 

For how long? asked Uthogis calmly. 

You think you are extracting information from me that will aid you in some future manoeuvring, but I assure you, there is no flexibility here.  The warning has been issued.  Failure to comply will result in consequences. 

For how long? Repeated the Tethenti. 

Long enough. 

Our forces have already breached this line, more of a sphere really, isnt it?  What will happen to them? 

They will be allowed to withdraw. Said the Ambassador.  "The datapacket contains details of the deadline." 

Uthogis nodded. 

Were done here. Said the Tethenti, who turned and headed back to the rest of the delegation. 

Bekah withdrew and blinked as the Ambassador made its way out of the room. 

 
*
 

I do so hope they are not smart enough to take the warning.  It has been a long time since we fought a real war.  Bekah flexed as she waited for the nanofac to finish extruding. 

This will be the ninth time we have given the warning and no species has ever listened. 

The Tethenti technology base is significantly more advanced than any species weve dealt with. Said Bekah. 

Yes. Acknowledged the Captain, The Mer-Kin 14th Dynasty was a very advanced culture.  Four hundred systems before they developed FTL.  Fascinating really.  You know there are some projections that had them eclipsing us at one stage?  Quite the leg up if you ask me. 

Ah yes, your coincidence. Bekah stripped off her robe and stepped into the tub and lowered herself in. 

So I believe.  Sorry maam, just making conversation.  Full combat augs, timeframe is about forty minutes.  Ill leave you to it.  The Captain spun in place and glided out of the room.  The nanofac closed itself around her and consciousness faded. 

 
*
 

Bekah stepped out of the nanofac bath and grinned.  She had forgotten what a full combat aug felt like.  Everything was hyperreal.  She felt like she was moving incredibly fast but with the utmost precision and control.  Some pretty extensive neural re-wiring and deep memory programming there, she thought.  The designers had taken great pains to ensure that none of the cloud memory was affected by local neural changes like this.  Overflow was a big deal in the Community and Combatants were the most guilty of it. 

Ah, maam, welcome back.  The Captain handed her the robe.  She belted it on and followed the Captain out.  Servitors were laying out a meal.  She suddenly realised she was starving.  She settled into an extruded recliner and dug in, shovelling steak and roasted vegetables into her mouth with no decorum. 

Lets see what we have so far. She mumbled around a mouthful. 

The Captain nodded and the far wall turned transparent. 

We're focusing on realspace assets as usual.  No point in deploying anything more than we have to.  One hundred and fourteen assorted capital ships, their escorts and support ships.  Capitals range from carriers, to battleships.  We even printed a couple of SDS.  The fleet snapped into focus.  Swarms of servitors of all shapes and sizes roved between them, completing the fit outs and finalising the builds.  The focus shifted to one of the massive System Denial Ships, slowly panning along the unfinished length. 

"Era?" 

"Were taking some modelling from the Utoga Supremacy and a swathe of technology from the same level.  We're differentiating with some design influence from the Carta Ideal, mid-50th millenia." 

Bekah nodded, waving at the servitor to bring her more steak. 

Production rate? 

Three per day with escorts or so, depending on what we're making.  SDS take a bit longer and a lot more resources, so we're only printing a few of them. 

Bekah nodded.  What about ground forces? She asked. 

Do you believe they will be required? 

Its always nice to be prepared. Said Bekah. 

We will begin printing immediately. 

And my ship? 

The Curse of Duty has been completed.  We can transfer command at any time. 

Bekah nodded and turned to face the Captain. 

We'll begin moving command to the Curse immediately." 

 
 *
 

"We could build a wall." Blurted Travis. 

"Metaphorically." Corrected Leciel.  Bekah sighed and rolled her eyes. 

"No, actually, the material exists, the comet dust could surrounding the system was seeded to be denser than normal a few rotations ago as part of making it harder for the cradle to be located.  We could even harvest some material from nearby systems." 

Travis nodded enthusiastically, making hand gestures to punctuate Leciel's statement. 

"Dysonian Spheres aren't new, just rarely used due to the time scales involved in construction.  Most baseform species cannot invest that much time due to internal squabbling." Said Travis.  "But we could do it of course." 

"No." Said Bekah firmly. 

"I don't think you've considered-" 

"Correct, I have not, because two rotations ago it was decided that we would not construct an artificial barrier around any star system, ever." 

"That is a dumb rule." Said Leciel stubbornly. 

"It exists for a reason.  So that engineers can't just go building superstructures throughout the fucking galactic group and basically erecting a giant flag shouting 'HEY THE COMMUNITY IS RIGHT HERE'."  Bekah realised she was standing and sat down again, glaring at the two Engineers. 

"Hasn't stopped the Core from doing the same thing." Said Leciel somewhat sullenly. 

Bekah opened her mouth to deliver a retort but snapped it shut. 

"This is why I hate working with engineers." She growled. 

"That's hurtful." Said Travis, but there was no actual pain in his voice. 

"The Core are evolved though.  Probably the most dangerous in the local group." Noted Leciel, sipping her wine. 

"Problem for another time." Said Bekah, dismissively.  "What solution are you looking at?" 

"Folding it." 

"What?" Asked Bekah. 

"We can fold the entire cradle system sideways, out of reach of anyone that does possess the technology to go beyondspace." Explained Travis. 

"How would that affect any possible Return?"  

"We can assume that the Gone possess technological capabilities beyond what we have.  As such, we foresee no real hurdle for any Return, even if the cradle is folded." Said Leciel. 

"Is folding new technology?" asked Bekah.

Travis nodded. "Developed last rotation." 

"It can't be used.  The Strictures are clear." Said Bekah firmly. 

"The Strictures are an outdated pile of shit and need to be set aside." Said Leciel bitterly. 

"This is the cradle." Protested Travis. 

Bekah raised an eyebrow.  "Wouldn't have taken you two for reformers." She said. 

Leciel waved off the Combatant. "Now is not the time." She said. 

The Captain entered, trailed by a trio of servitors who started clearing the table. 

"Mistress, the deadline has passed." It said, bowing it's head slightly at the trio. 

"Ok then, time to go to war."  Bekah surged to her feet and skipped towards the command deck. 

Leciel and Travis watched her leave. 

"You know they crafted them from basestock?" Asked Travis.  Leciel glanced at him. 

"Baseform you mean." She corrected. 

"No, basestock.  Something to do with the aggressiveness.  Territorial, protective, angry." 

"Surely a Designer could craft those traits into the baseform." 

"Apparently it wasn't as good.  So they had to go back to basestock and make some tweaks, longevity, adaptability and so on, and that became a Combatant." 

"She's right though, we can't fold the cradle, nor enclose it in a Dyson Sphere.  It would attract far too much attention." 

"This is why they made the Community." 

"The Left Behind." Murmured Leciel. 

Neither spoke for a long time.  Outside, stars shifted and flicked as the jump webs wrapped the escort fleet.  New constellations blinked into existence and Travis sighed and stood. 

"We've been doing this for a billion years." He said. 

"And yet, it never gets old." Joked Leciel. 

"Been back to the cradle recently?" Asked Travis, offering his arm to Leciel. 

"No, been meaning to though." 

Their voices faded down the corridor, leaving the servitors alone as they cleared the table of the meal. 

 