[OC] What Ever Happened To Humanity? 03: Transportation
chipgw
Original: [00 The Crowd](https://www.reddit.com/r/HFY/comments/4a7ewv/oc_the_crowd/)
    
Previous: [02 ...Coordinates?](https://www.reddit.com/r/HFY/comments/4awnqz/oc_what_ever_happened_to_humanity_02_coordinates/)

I just need to leave the system and rendezvous with another ship. It doesnt really matter where, just so long as I get away from here without raising any more fuss.

I guess I could do that

Also, Id prefer none of your crew know Im on board. My AI tells me the best way to manage that would be to set up a crate for living for a couple days and have you transfer it into the other ship. Could you make it look like a routine delivery?

I can just log it as a redirect of one of the crates I just delivered and charge the standard rate for that, but is it really that important that you leave without being detected?

Yes, I really dont want anyone trailing me this time, you know how persistent newspeople are when pursuing a story.

My understanding is that they learned that from you humans

Regardless, for your trouble Ill have a bonus sum Adam backed away from his microphone and told his AI, Put whatever amount you think is good on his screen. Returning to the conversation, he continued, ...transferred to your account once I return.

Matieus eyes bulged at the amount displayed. It was more than he could ever make even in 20 standard years! He could retire early AND send his children to the best schools with that amount! This was an opportunity he definitely couldnt pass up.

Provided, Adam stipulated, word of my departure does not get out. Can you manage that?

Oh yes, no problem at all, Matieu reassured him enthusiastically. My assistant fainted again when he saw who was calling, so the only people who know about this are you and me. As long as you match the weight of the crate to its original weight no one will even suspect anything out of the ordinary.

Backing away from the microphone again, Adam addressed his AI, See to it immediately please. Returning once again to the call, he asked, Will there be any customs scans or anything I have to worry about?

Its a public colony system, if you have the right shipping authorization and trust level nothing needs to be scanned. If you wanted to land on any other planet the rules might be different, but from here to another ship there is nothing that would reveal the contents of your crate.

Very good, just send me the location of your next stop or a location along the way and Ill see you shortly... or rather, I wont. Youll just pick up the crate. If you need to stop and let your assistant wake up again feel free to use the same room. Are we good? Matieu nodded. Good. Adam Jydnak out.


---


Matieus assistant awoke once again in the most luxurious bedroom he had ever lain eyes upon.

The human needed us to pick up a crate that was supposed to go somewhere else. Once youre ready well pick it up and be on our way again, Matieu informed him.

Okay, squeaked the assistant. ...Can I have a day off once we get back?


---


So how much did we promise to pay him? Adam asked his AI as he checked the crate and its contents after grabbing a few personal things.

I took the average operating cost for a cargo ship like his for a year and multiplied it by 24.

*BY 24?!?!* Adam gasped. That wont set us back, will it?

Please, *nothing* sets you back. Now that all your fathers assets have been transferred to you, the interest alone earns that for you in less than an hour.

Crikey! Remind me to do something charitable with all that sometime... 

Adam finished checking his makeshift traveling space and nodded in satisfaction. Well, if everything is arranged You have a ship heading to the rendezvous location now, correct?

That is correct.

Then I guess its time to get cozy. Ill see you at the ship.

Yes Mister Jydnak.


---


The transfer location was in orbit of the next planet on Matieus route. The AI had piloted a medium sized explorer ship to the location which was waiting when the cargo ship arrived. Matieu docked and sent Adams crate on board without incident, careful to make the transfer appear as ordinary as possible. After the two vehicles had separated, the AI unlocked the crate and Adam stepped out.

Oh thank goodness! He exclaimed as the doors opened. I was starting to get a bit stir crazy

Well dont worry, we have a long trip ahead of us so youll have the opportunity to finish over the next few days.

Ah yes, space travel to a location without a gate, so much fun. How close is the nearest gate?

Toliman station is 0.84 parsecs away.

Thatll be a good stretch of the engines. Thatll take what, three weeks?

With this ship it will take about 19.4 days to reach those coordinates after we make it to Toliman station.

Okay, what do we know about the area?

It lies in a large uninhabited region of the Milky Way, and is in one of the earliest locations designated as a class 8 hazard area, for reasons unknown.

Wait, class 8? Why didnt you tell me that sooner, Id rather not die an instantaneous horrible death

You may note, sir, that I chose a ship classified for traversing in areas up to class 7 safely. We can at least approach close by and if the area proves to truly be too hazardous for organic life we can send out probes.

Shoot, Id prefer to find out what this is about in person

I know sir, may I remind you that class 8 hazards are known to deteriorate into class 7 relatively rapidly and it has been millennia since the area was classified as class 8. The probes are only a backup option.

Well then, lets be on our way. Oh, and send a message to the kriaki thanking him and telling him hell receive his bonus in a few weeks.

In confirmation, the ships engines sparked to life as the ship accelerated toward the nearest interstellar gate. Adam went up to the cockpit to check the flight plan, but the AI was handling everything so after giving everything a quick go-over he went back to the crew areas to settle in for the journey.


---


Im glad you guys like my writing. Honestly I'm kinda surprised that my original post has more than a hundred upvotes and between the three so far I have somewhere around 30 subscribers on this subreddit. I mean, I only started writing stories again rather recently and I still feel like I have no idea what I'm doing. xD

Anyway, I'll be sure to keep them coming. You know what they say about practice... :)