[OC] London Calling: Chapter 3
Dachande663
<-[[Previous](/r/HFY/comments/4bsmi4/oc_a_cold_london_morning_ch_2/)]|||[[Original](/r/HFY/comments/4bjbi2/oc_london_calling/)]|||[[Next](/r/HFY/comments/4c6ote/oc_london_calling_chapter_4/)]->
-|-|-|-|-|-|-

Youve got a hell of a nerve, showing up here.

Hannah stood in the hallway outside my apartment. She was still in her aux uniform but now I didnt find it cute, like a reassuring welcoming thought, I just saw another level of military bureaucracy.

I had no idea. Honestly, she said as I went to close the door on her. She put her hand on the jamb. I could only see her fingers. When I met you yesterday, I never lied to you.

Youve got a lovely definition of lying.

You revealed classified military intelligence to a civilian. I could have reported you. I should have.

I told you nothing you didnt already know.

Thats not true.

She pushed a tablet through the gap and I saw my own service record on the screen. My report of the capture was scrolling through beneath it, my own words spat back at me.

I read your account of that day. It reads like a report.

Did the title give that away.

She wasnt listening though. Her hand shrank back but I left the door open. Just enough to hear but not so much I had to look at her face.

The details you told me, they were in your report. But you said nothing of their fear or how they behaved.

They died, navy doesnt care how.

I do.

Neither of us moved. I could hear her breathing out there, my head planted against the back of the door. She was bad news. She was the one who had put me in this situation.

When did you get the intel? I said finally.

About the juvenile aliens? My growl was enough of an answer. Not until after, of that you have my word.

Because that counts for so much.

It seemed to be enough last night, she said.

The door slammed shut so hard I saw the lock flash a red strobe of annoyance. I kicked at it, my boot leaving a dirty scuff across the plastic surface, and I kicked it again. I smashed both fists against the inanimate object that separated me from the thing I really wanted to hit.

She was still there when I opened the door. My fists were shaking and looked at them instead of my face.

Did you know who I was? I said. 

The marine from the incident? She shook her head. No. Not at first, not until you opened up to me. You were the one to come to my apartment remember.

You should have said something.

I should have. She looked up at me, no smile, but something else in those eyes of hers. Im sorry.

We shipped out for Holbeach in the morning and from there wed catch a transfer to the ship waiting in orbit. It gave me twelve hours to enjoy being a civvie again.

Wait there, I said and shut the door on her once more.

She was on her tablet when I entered the corridor, writing something on the screen and I felt a flash of paranoia but she looked up at me and held the tablet out. It was a shopping list. Equipment, special rations, shed even requested a selection of the movies she liked to watch be added to the ships library.

Anything you want to add.

An LA8083 and enough juice to stop anything we see.

She frowned. If this goes according to plan, there wont by any need to fire a single shot.

If plans were wishes Id have a pony.

My comedic talents were lost on her as she put the tablet away, sans my request for armaments and I made a note to talk to the quartermaster before we broke orbit. Once we passed the belt, resupplies would be few and far between. She looked at me as I locked my apartment and she flashed that smile.

You changed, she said, like a question.

I wanted to enjoy my last evening as a free man. Having a sparing match about pointing out the obvious wasnt going to improve my mood so I just shrugged. Id picked my least creased shirt and thrown on a faux-leather flight jacket over the top.

Wheres good? I asked.

She looked at me like I was a doofus.

You ever seen a sailor on shore leave? She shook her head. They dont call it chitty chitty bang bang for nothing. Ive got one night and I want to see my city. So, wheres good?

Her mouth formed a little o and she smiled. I really needed a drink.

-X-

The pub had missed at least the last three fads. The stools still had the same faded football-team embroidered tops that had been the rage when I shipped out and the jukebox streamed through an endless procession of old-wave tunes.

Hannah was in her element and brought over two tall pints of pale ale to the little table wed grabbed in the corner.

Does this meet with your approval marine? she said.

Shed kept it formal since leaving my apartment. I almost felt like calling her doctor just to get her to open up.

You come here a lot? He, I said, tipping my head to the landlord, seemed pretty friendly with you.

John? Ive know him since primary school. And look around marine, use those big eyes for something other than eyeing me up.

I wasnt, I said hastily.

Good. Because when we ship out, you wont make any mention of there having been an us.

Yes maam, I said, taking a swig of the beer.

I looked at the faces around us. A lot of groups, all similar, all talking about anything and everything. And they all wore the aux patch, stitched into whatever civilian clothes they were wearing.

You brought me to a work pub? I said.

She smiled. 

You asked me wheres good and this is one of the few places I know.

I cant believe Im spending my last night in an aux pub.

She set her glass down, the beer inside sloshing, and leant in close, pointing an angry finger at me.

You see Bagley over there? she said, moving the finger to point to the far corner where a group were congregated around something humorous on a tablet. He was on Mars just like you, only he was there when They dropped enough mass on the surface to crack the domes a hundred miles away. He lost both of his legs when a pressure door cut him in half.


She turned her glass endlessly in her hands but didnt drink from it. Id hit a nerve and felt like shit for the second time that day.

When he was shipped back to Earth he was given a job in the aux. War efforts were still in effect of course so being sent home with a thank you note wasnt an option. He was just like you when he got here, exactly the same, the same disdain for what we do.

I never said that.

You didnt have to. You look around this room and you see men and women who werent good enough to make it in the navy. I tried to object, but her hand clutched the heavy weapon filled with precious beer and I shut the hell up. I look up and I see people who are doing the best they can, the only thing they can do to help keep us alive.

I meant no disrespect.

She scoffed.

Im just used to drinking in the kind of bars where the beer still has the taste of powder and is served in plastic jugs because some meathead is going to cause a fight.

Well Im sorry youre somewhere a bit more civilised.

Maybe we could

Somewhere, in the recesses of my mind, there was a sentence still forming that would get me out of the doldrums and back in her good books. Nothings instant in combat. You think the words and they come tumbling out your mouth a moment later. You pull the trigger and you wait for the electronics to think, aim, calibrate and then the crack as the round leaves the barrel. Its a fraction of second, not even a heartbeat, but theres always a delay.

I felt the pressure wave. The air gets compressed and it pushes outwards ahead of the blast wave and when it hits your ears they pop as if you dived too deep too quickly. My body was reacting before I even knew what had changed.

Hannah was still smiling when I kicked at the table and launched myself into her.

The pressure wave smashed into my back and I gripped her as we crashed against the wall and slid to the ground. She tried to move, her body instinctively fighting against me as if I were an attacker, but I just held her closer as the fire followed a moment later. We were low, the table against my back now, but I could still feel the heat rush over us, singeing the hairs on my arm where the jacket didnt quite cover me.

I was up on my hands and knees in a flash. Seven years in the military made me push the pain to the back of my mind and scan the area for further threats. The pub was gutted, the windows that had been facing onto the street shredded and bits of glass and steel embedded in the walls, furniture and people.

Hannah sat up more slowly and her groans joined the others. Some people were crying, the lucky ones. Plenty more werent moving at all. I pushed the table away and moved to the nearest casualty. He was a young kid and he clutched at the side of his head. I balled my jacket up and placed it beneath him, held him still until the medics could arrive.

Stay where you are, I said to Hannah as she moved next to me. There might be more secondary devices.

There wont be.

Like me she was just grazed and shaken. The first drones dropped into view on the street outside, scanning the scene and reporting casualties to the paramedics and structural data to the fire service. I could hear the sirens in the distance, help arriving in a strobe of blue lights.

I sat back against a broken chair, the injured man between me and Hannah, and looked at the devastation.

What do you mean?

Theres only going to be one bomb. Its their M.O.

Whose?

The Acolytes, she said.

Theyre gone.

No, everyone just forgot about them during the war. When we were fighting for our survival, one little group of fanatics just didnt seem to matter all that much anymore.

And now?

They picked up right where they left off. Security is spread so thin theyve been getting more bold. Theyve hit three pubs since September last year, all of them military or aux. Bastards are killing us just as quickly as Them.

I balled my hands into fists and the skin pulled tight where it had burnt. Back when I enlisted, it was to see the System, help protect colonists. No-one mentioned wed exported our bullshit into space as well.

Are you hurt? I said.

No.

You dont seem very shaken up.

No.

Hannah held out her ID badge as a paramedic stepped in amongst the debris and looked at us. He registered it on his scanner but Hannah waved him away. He moved on to the man between us and replaced my makeshift head support with a proper foam neck roll he squirted out from a canister.

Outside the street was in chaos. The Met had closed off each end and were holding back the rubberneckers who were trying to look in. We put our thumbs against tablets, confirming we had been there, confirming we had no involvement and that we were healthy enough to leave by ourselves, and then we were free.

My ears were still ringing but gradually they gave way to the background sounds of London. It was cold out and she shivered. I took my jacket off and she didnt complain when I put it around her shoulders.

You were in an attack before, I said.

She pulled the jacket tighter and brushed a hair out of her eyes. She had that faraway gaze. The same look Id seen on a hundred other guys when they got back from a drop and knew theyd be back there every time they closed their eyes.

Yes.

Were you hurt?

Me? No.

It was like trying to draw blood from a stone. I could press her until she clammed up completely, but Id seen what it did. Some shared, others just pushed it down and she seemed smart enough to know which one of them would hurt in the long run. Instead we just walked in silence down the Mall.

The docs at the airfield in the morning would throw a fit when they found out wed been in a blast the night before. I didnt fancy having to wear a pressure helmet just to stop my ears from rupturing as we left atmo. We made it home and I punched in our apartment numbers automatically, giving her one last check as my floor arrived.

Transport will pick us up at 0800, she said.

I looked at her. She was an enigma. This whole planet was an enigma now. I wanted to hold her then and I felt stupid for being so protective over her.

Good night, I said.

I got back to my apartment and shut the door. I fell on the bed. The first and the last night Id ever spend on it. Sleep came slowly and soon it was time to go to war.

<-[[Previous](/r/HFY/comments/4bsmi4/oc_a_cold_london_morning_ch_2/)]|||[[Original](/r/HFY/comments/4bjbi2/oc_london_calling/)]|||[[Next](/r/HFY/comments/4c6ote/oc_london_calling_chapter_4/)]->
-|-|-|-|-|-|-