[OC] A Cold London Morning (Ch. 2)
Dachande663
<-[[Previous](/r/HFY/comments/4bjbi2/oc_london_calling/)]|||[[Original](/r/HFY/comments/4bjbi2/oc_london_calling/)]|||[[Next](/r/HFY/comments/4c0xau/oc_london_calling_chapter_3/)]->
-|-|-|-|-|-|-

I felt her fingers tracing the ridges and scars along my back. The bed was warm and the city was still asleep except for the early morning folk who had to rise before the Sun. Life went on.

What was this one from? she said, circling a mark below my ribs.

Skitter shell.

Whats that?

About thirty grams of TDN9 in a snake-line configuration. You throw it and each part blows, sending the next link on. Good for clearing tunnels.

How did it end up in you?

I tried to use one to write a message.

You can do that?

Sure, break it up, spread em out. I may not have spread them far enough.

Did you get in trouble?

After I got out of the sickbay.

I thought you were smart.

She playfully punched my back and I rolled over, until we were facing each other. I let my hand touch her hair.

I enlisted. That pretty much puts a cap on how smart I could be.

We kissed. Wed done nothing but for most of the night and now I wanted it to stay dark forever, just so we could stay here for a few more hours.

Anyway, what do you do? I said, Miss Auxiliary paper pusher.

She sat up and brushed her hair back. I watched the light play off her own back and did my own exploring. She wasnt like the female marines in my battalion. Going to bed with them left you with the same bruised feelings as twelve rounds in the ships boxing ring.

I told you, nothing special. I cant talk about it though, all hush hush.

Can I visit you at work?

Not now youre a civilian.

Maybe Ill reenlist then.

You really arent very bright, she said.

She leant back, kissed me, and then started getting ready for work. I picked up my uniform, shrugged into the familiar jumpsuit and watched her.

I would offer you breakfast but

Youre late, you dont have any milk, you need to look presentable lest your coworkers get any ideas.

She smiled. We parted in the lift. I got out at my floor and she kept on, headed for a building somewhere full of hush-hush work. My apartment was still just as empty as it had been when I arrived last night.

The meter hummed to life as soon as I fed it my biometrics and a line of credit. The lights, telly screen, it all came on and I turned the heating up to something more tolerable. The head, the bathroom in civilian parlance, was amazing. Enough room to turn in and not a single person to have to share it with. Even though the water was cold at first I let it pour over me, well past the thirty seconds you got when ship side.

I was unpacking my duffel, a fresh jumpsuit tied around my waist, when the knock on the door came. The chrono on the telly put the time at just past nine.

Who is it?

Naval Command.

Its amazing how quickly your stomach can drop out your arse and hit the deck. I was a vet, ex-military and for a moment I was tempted to just tell them to fuck off and leave me be. The only thing they controlled now was my pension. If Hannah had been with me, maybe I would have.

Two of them stood outside, a Lieutenant and his aide by the looks of it. I let them in and made some mention of not having bought any coffee yet and they pretended not to mind.

Captain Frost, this planet owes you a great debt of gratitude.

Is there a reason to your visit?

My good mood was gone, platitudes be damned. The Lieutenant looked at his aide and motioned for the younger man to hand him a tablet. He scrolled through.

He cleared his throat and looked up.

The United Nations Naval Command formally requests your assistance in matters of planetary security. You are hereby requested, and here he stressed the word requested, to report to London Headquarters at eleven hundred hours today.

Fuck off.

If he expected a warmer response from a fellow serviceman he wasnt going to get it, at least not from me. Theyd debriefed me. After Mars, after the boarding party, before they let me take off the bars and get on a transpo back to Earth. I didnt owe these people another damn thing.

Captain, this is a matter of the utmost importance. The Fleet Admiral himself requested your presence.

Dickhat? Dickhat wants a marine for something other than kissing his arse?

Admiral Deckhart, the Lieutenant said, and I could see him struggle not to repeat the nickname that had become so commonplace it had accidentally being used at a table setting once, is putting together a special projects group. Your input would be invaluable.

If thats all youve got gentlemen, I think youd better leave, I said.

Wed barely moved into the apartment but it looked like the pair were incapable of walking the five feet back to the door. The Lieutenant shook his head sorrowly and tapped at the tablet again.

Reese Frost, ID number number eight-eight-three-one-three-dash-juliet, you are hereby re-instated to the rank of Captain within the UNNC under UNN Charter seventeen, paragraph four.

I struck him in the face with the kind of love tap you used on a brick wall. The weak-jawed pencil pusher went down like a sack of bricks and his aide held up his hands as I advanced on him. The Lieutenant moaned from the ground.

Im out! I spat.

If you come now, I can forgo the conscription. Ill even forget you striking an officer.

This is why no one likes you guys, I said. You hold a carrot in one hand and a big fucking stick in the other.

Way of the world, marine.

I got to ride the surface streets. The Lieutenant had a car waiting outside, some ex-riot vehicle from the Scars trouble, outfitted for a less-aggressive life now. Most of the traffic in and out of London used the underpasses, it was mainly a sea of bicycles and gyros on the streets. The aide got in, punched in the destination and the car rolled out, blipping when a cyclist got too close.

When did you get back?

The Lieutenant was trying to make conversation. Hed snatched the cover off his head and was folding it into neat triangles on his lap. I looked out the tinted windows as we hit Trafalgar.

Last night.

Shit, he said.

Damn straight.

I got the orders this morning. I dont like them any more than you do, but this is important.

Everythings important. Cleaning the head is important.

The car shot past the Palace and soon we were heading towards the Green Zone. The cyclists died off as we past the police cordons.

When we get inside, youll be expected to act like a member of the service, the Lieutenant said. Youll have your rank, but youre free to go after.

I said nothing, just followed as we entered a nondescript block of black granite and passed through an endless procession of checkpoints. Hurry up and wait; it was the oldest of military traditions and I didnt even complain as I was shown to a chair and told Fleet Admiral Deckhart would be along shortly.

Shortly was a relative term. On the battlefield it meant hold out for a few more minutes before air support dropped the mother load on your position. Sitting on that chair, watching aides scurry back and forth clutching tablets to their chests like rifles, it could have meant eternity.

Captain Frost?

I was shown into a boardroom. The walls were lined with rich oak and green panelling and a table filled most of the room. Its centre had been cut away and a projection of Earth slowly rotated with the UNNC logo orbiting it like a satellite.

The meeting had started before me, three men and a woman sat at the head of the table and were discussing something in heated whispers. I stood to, snapping off a crisp salute and wishing them all to hell as I waited for them to acknowledge me.

Is this the chap? the Admiral finally said, looking up and speaking to one of his companions.

Yes, marine out of the Second Fusiliers. Captured the EV-1.

At ease man, Deckhart said.

He stood and walked towards me. I let my hands fall behind my back and stood at parade rest. The old man held out a hand and I looked down at it. I shook it and felt the vice like grip of a man whod spent his entire career in the military, working his way up from a grunt. Didnt mean I had to like him, especially after hed ordered the assault on Ganymede.

Hell of a thing you did son, he said. Hell of a thing. This planet owes you one. You mustered out, I heard that right?

Yes Sir.

Shame son, you would have made a great commander.

My war is over Sir.

No son, thats where youre wrong.

He lead me over to the table and I sat facing the four of them. Two generals and Hannah smiled at me quickly from across the table for instant, but shook her head before I could speak.

I was handed a tablet and they waited, silent, while I read, my surprise at seeing her lost as soon as I began. I looked at the maps, the trajectories and notes, and then I read it all again.

No, I said.

Confirmed by the Oort sensor grid.

But this many?

Estimates put them at ten times the strength of the expeditionary force. And theyll be here within nine months.

We need to hit them. Before they get close. We cant let them cross the belt.

Weve already had this discussion, the Admiral said. My military advisors suggest the same thing. A concentrated front with high-yield weapons, make a DMZ they cant cross without taking heavy losses. But Doctor Adams here has another idea.

Hannah took her cue and slid a data file from her tablet to my own. I tapped at the glowing edge to accept the transfer and her notes appeared. It was all jargon to me. Psychology, alien class structures and supporting theories. A lot of words and nothing approaching a tactical plan.

The raid on EV-1 that you and your men completed showed that the alien threat is actually comprised of several species, separated into a strict caste system. It is our belief that while the lower species are obedient to a fault, the middle races may be more open to communication. Potentially even negotiation.

The intel, I said, that they were just following orders. It came from you?

She looked at the others but didnt lose her composure. She sent another data file. Photos. Corpses, alien corpses. The kids wed shot on that ship, all laid out neat and proper.

We believe this species in particular, SS-3, is a recent addition to their collective. It may be possible to open a line of dialogue with them.

How?

We repeat your mission Captain Frost. She said my name as if I were just a pawn. Twelve hours ago Id cried in front of her and now she was using the worst moment of my life in a presentation. We board an enemy vessel and offer a truce.

That didnt go down so well last time.

This time you wont be slaughtering them before speaking.

I wanted to punch her in her face but I bit at my tongue. Deckhart read the signs quickly enough. He took back the tablet before I could crush it and thanked the good doctor.

Your team are the only ones with first hand experience of what these creatures are like up close. Weve never taken one alive and if it were up to some, wed never even try. But its my duty to explore every possibility. Doctor Adams has put forward a good theory, but Im not about to order good men into harms way based on a hunch.

He leant forwards, cutting out the rest from the conversation.

I can send a squad of men to try and capture one of these things but they wont have your experience. You can help us train them though, prepare them for what its like, what Theyre like.

Or you can lead them.

He left it there, the proposition dangling in front of me, taunting me. Hannah refused to look at me.

How long?

Youll have a Corona-class ship to yourself. Skeleton crew. General Omaye here says we can catch the slingshot around Saturn and get you there inside eight weeks.

Eight weeks? To the edge of the system?

The acceleration will be hard, but manageable.

And when we get there?

The latest intel reports will have come in by then. Well identify a target, someone outside the main group, but the final decision will be yours as to when and where you make your move.

I looked at the wood of the table and drummed a hand against it. The generals glanced at each other, but the Admiral was patient.

Squad?

Pick whoever you want son. We have your previous team ready to go if you so choose.

And myself, Hannah cut in.

I looked at her but she didnt back down. Deckhart glanced sideways at her and set his jaw, as if shed jumped the gun.

Doctor Adams has requested to go along.

You cant bring a civilian on an op. No matter how well they think they know the enemy, I said.

If the Admiral picked up on the spite in my words he didnt show it. He put a hand out as Hannah began to speak again.

Be that as it may, its going to be a long trip back and we need to get to work as quickly as possible. Im authorising the Doctor in an advisory role only. She will accompany you Captain and act as liaison if the mission is successful.

I took a long time. They didnt rush me even though every second brought the enemy fleet a thousand klicks closer.

I need to set it right, I said.

Then youll go?

Hannah looked at me. She was still beautiful. She was still the woman Id shared a bed with, but now she was leading me back into hell. I hated that I still loved her.

Ill go, I said.

<-[[Previous](/r/HFY/comments/4bjbi2/oc_london_calling/)]|||[[Original](/r/HFY/comments/4bjbi2/oc_london_calling/)]|||[[Next](/r/HFY/comments/4c0xau/oc_london_calling_chapter_3/)]->
-|-|-|-|-|-|-