The Weight We Carry Ch 12
RegalLegalEagle
I'm very sorry that it's been so long since my last update. Unfortunately I've had a headache that's heading into its third week without stop and that's made writing very difficult. I've already got an appointment to see a doctor about it and fingers crossed that it's nothing serious. 

But I promise that more will be out soon! Headache or not I have no excuse for taking so long to post another chapter. Expect the next within the week!

[My Stories](https://www.reddit.com/r/HFY/wiki/authors/regallegaleagle)

[My Patreon](https://www.patreon.com/user?u=2300449&alert=1&ty=h)

________________________________

Blessed be Unity. Blessed be the Progenitors. Those who made us more than what we were and into vessels that can spread light where there is darkness. To spread order where there is chaos. Blessed be our brothers, sisters, and beings that join us in this most holy of causes. May we all work together in Unity, for Unity, against the darkness that seeks to consume us all.

I repeat this to myself internally after I wake, every day. I have done this now for 24 years since I was old enough to understand the words and their meanings. To know my place in the Unity. To understand the gift of the Progenitors to make us into more than we were. To uplift us. We were not so fortunate as some species to be blessed with insight and curiosity. We were content on our home with subsistence. But we were shown there is so much more the galaxy offers than mere survival.

Blessed be Unity. Blessed be the Progenitors. We are Rekanta. I am Rekanta. Specifically I am Integration and Prosperity Agency Tactical Operations Captain N-22843. This is my name according to the Unity. This is my name for species that are not Rekanta. My name among my people cannot be spoken. It is sensed. It is scent. It is danced. But it is not truly a language. We were given words, taught letters, and given purpose by the Progenitors. By Unity. Blessed be they.

However my first language was English. I was raised with it. Taught it from birth. I and the others of my class were quite literally born for the jobs we possessed now on the planet known once as Earth. And now designated as Sol-3. Though more are being raised to join us. The process of integrating the humans has taken longer than expected, and been more challenging than planned. I do not know why so many of them fail to see the light of Unity. I truthfully envy humans. They are so malleable. Adaptable. They can be many things. So very many things. All of them useful to the Unity.

Blessed be Unity. Blessed be the Progenitors. But Rekanta are not so fortunate. We are one thing only. Hunters. We are each taught to honor that which makes us useful to the Unity. But unlike most species we have but one use. What I would give to make myself more valuable. To have a path open to me other than hunter but those are thoughts that serve no purpose. I have only one use. I strive to do it well. I strive to do it as well as I possibly can. This has led to many promotions. To many commendations. But I have nothing to look forward to in these. I seek to do my job in this manner not to be praised, but because it is expected of me.

I finish with my morning ritual and leave behind my personal resting space. It is barren and rocky as the caves of my ancient home. The heat lamp in the five foot ceiling provides ample warmth. The only decorations I have are my various awards, commendations, and medals on the one wall which is not carefully crafted fake rock. I have no need for other decorations and this method is cheaper than renting storage to keep my various awards safe.

Blessed be Unity. Blessed be the Progenitors. I move through the halls of the Rekanta barracks while the others sleep. As Captain I wake before the others and tend to getting food. There are many old traditions that simply cannot take place do to the constraints of our position here. But there are some I refuse to give up. A leader must provide food. Some simply think this means assisting in the kitchen. I take a more traditional approach to this. I near the opening to the training grounds we have behind the barracks. Sealed in to protect the environments we simulate inside. A human is there waiting for me. One of my most valued collaborators.

Hello Tactical Operations Captain N-22843. He greets me.

Good morning Food Preparation Expert Charles Montgomery. I respond in kind. We are familiar enough that I allow the shortened versions of our titles to be used.

I have a special treat for you today. Something was brought in from your home planet to celebrate the winter solstice and New Years coming up. He checked the datapad in his hand. Something called a Click click clack chirp tap? I couldnt help myself as I quickly opened and clacked my pincer claws together at the news. Even my tail did a quick rotation.

This is very good news! This creature is extremely dangerous and can easily kill an unwary hunter, or even a pack. It will be a challenge to kill it on my own. By now the human known as Food Preparation Expert Charles Montgomery knew me well enough to laugh and smile.

You do like your challenges. You know Id really hate it if one of these days your food ate you instead of the other way round. No offense to the skills of Tactical Operations Lieutenant N-22849 but he lacks your charm. I chitter in amusement. Yes, Tactical Operations Lieutenant N-22849 is indeed lacking in what humans refer to as charm. But he might be getting a promotion soon due to my handling of that recent raid on the illegal music establishment. 

Blessed be Unity. Blessed be the Progenitors. I had never been reprimanded for doing my job before. It was troublesome but I must redouble my efforts to make amends for my mistake. For now though I was focused on the hunt. The hunting grounds have been prepared? I queried.

Yes, creature has been settling in for about two hours. I bobbed my upper portion in an approximation of a human nod. This was good.

Then I am ready. I said and he pressed a button which opened a small hatch in the wall in front of me just big enough for me to slip through. The rocky terrain was very similar to my home world. The colors were also an appropriate brownish grey. I moved quietly as I heard the hatch close behind me and kept low, tail stretched out behind me so as not to give away my position over the tops of the rocks around me.

Blessed be Unity. Blessed be the Progenitors. This hunt was already making me feel more invigorated than I had all week. I kept my movements slow but steady. No jerking motions or quick bursts which might give away my position. There is no appropriate name for the species that I am hunting in English. Among my people we dance and scent their meaning to one another. Truly we were the best hunters on our planet. But there was a species that challenged us for this role. A species that was very strong, fast, and tough. Much like ourselves. But they worked solo. We preferred to work in teams. This made us better. It is only my role as Captain that necessitates this hunt be one against one.

I moved through the rocks to find the small patch of greenish grey grass that I knew would be in the middle of the training area. I scanned the area between here and the trees across the patch but did not see any sign of my prey. By now it should be setting up a burrow in the trees. I would draw him out however. I moved in very close to the base of a large boulder near the patch and extended my front claw, slowly dragging it through the grass and tapping twice in two different place. With my tail I mimicked this movement, but behind me around the edge of the boulder. This would simulate a clack chirp chirp click mating ritual which would entice my prey to leave the trees and come looking for an easy meal. He would instead find his death.

Blessed be Unity. Blessed be the Progenitors. This would be a good hunt. I was low to the ground, confident that my natural coloring and exoskeleton would be more than ample camouflage while I stayed lower than the top of the tall grass. I felt for vibrations in the ground. I listened for the rustle of leaves or grass. Where was my Prey? I could only keep up the ruse for so long before it would realize this was not a real mating ritual. Thats when I felt the small rock drop onto my head.

Without thinking I jumped away from my spot at the base of the boulder just as the creature dropped down, front legs slamming deep into the dirt where I had just been. It let out a hiss at me, and dashed forward once more lashing out with those forward legs. They were armored and came to a very sharp point, perfect for piercing my armored exoskeleton. Most of my kind would try to grab those legs and then stab with their tail but the venom would make the meat taste funny. I wouldnt allow this.

Blessed be Unity. Blessed be the Progenitors. For they had given me the experience needed to survive such an assault. My tail extended out behind me as I used it as a guide to walk backwards, facing my foe even as I moved with haste to avoid those front legs. With six other legs to carry its low circular body forward it had little trouble climbing over the rocks to follow me but I was not in full retreat. I was searching for something.

Soon my tail tapped against a rock that was the size I was looking for. I wrapped my tail around the rock and lunged forward, snapping at the creatures forward most side legs that had less armor on them. This made it jump back which gave me the distance needed as I flung my tail forward and released the rock. It flew out striking the creature directly in the face. It let out a hiss as it was further staggered back, the two armored legs lifting up to protect its face from another strike. Instead I dashed forward once more, claws reaching up to cut through the joints of those piercing legs right where they connected to the body, where the armor was weakest.

Blessed be Unity. Blessed be the Progenitors. I heard the creature squeal and cry as those front legs were cut free leaving its face defenceless as my claws moved up and cut into the head and brain with a swift strike meant to limit the creatures pain and end this fight immediately. It slumped to the ground then, clearly dead as most of its brains were now mushed into my claws. Most humans compared us to the Scorpion species, but aside from being much much larger, and sentient we were fairly different. Such as the ability for our claws to cut, not just pinch and crab.

In celebration of my victory I moved the pincers closed to my mouth so I could make it easier for my smaller hands to pick the tissue off of them and into my mouth. I savored the taste as I let my tail rotate in indication of enjoyment while my barbed tongue ground the meat into the roof of my mouth. I wouldnt eat more than this though. As I am a Captain I will eat last after my subordinates have eaten their share. I moved back to the hatch which opened as I approached and I exited the training grounds.

Blessed be Unity. Blessed be the Progenitors. Food Preparation Specialist Charles Montgomery was waiting for me, though he looked unwell. Or he seemed to look unwell. His dark skin made certain indicators of human health harder for me to properly notice. That look I can safely say if I had known that container I handled earlier had a giant spider in it I would have quit then and there!

That made me think for a moment. Ah yes, I suppose it would resemble a large less hairy tarantula or huntsman spider. Though its hard to compare species from other planets as both being arachnids. Especially considering their method of hunting can be very different. Its not like your spiders have armored front legs for piercing hard shells.They certainly dont taste the same.

Large? That thing is damn near six feet across! Not counting the legs! Its huge! When I saw it on the monitors I nearly shit myself! It was twice your size even!

This is why we normally hunt them in packs. But most of my kind do not know the benefits of learning softball. That made the human laugh for a moment.

And to think when I taught you how to pitch with your tail it was just so I could win a bet I had been surprised by the offer earlier in the year but it had been an interesting challenge to learn a human sport. I had yet to master the ability of swinging a bat with any sort of efficiency or skill but I was told I pitched very well. If low. Hold on. He said then. Did you say they dont taste the same?

I bobbed my upper section. When I noticed the similarity in species when I first came here I cried eating some of the spiders that inhabit this planet. They do not taste as I would hope. Plus they are not very efficient as a food source. Crickets are more to my taste. But again, they are too small to be very efficient eating.

The human shook his head and seemed to be in distress. I have no idea how Im going to prepare that thing I hate spiders so a giant one is going to freak me out.

This actually makes my next topic of conversation easier to approach. I wanted to ask you not to prepare this one yourself. Inform Senior Tactical Operations Sergeant N-22921 and Junior Tactical Operations Corporal N-23007 that they shall have the honor of preparing this meal. They will know how to properly season it and the appropriate temperature to set the training grounds to.

What do you mean? Why does the temperature matter? As yes, humans didnt prefer to season their food like this.

With this particular creature we leave it out in the sun for a number of days before consuming it. To let it properly start to decompose and for the seasonings to settle in. The brain matter I just consumed is one of the few parts that is consumed immediately. As I lifted my pincers to emphasize that point I saw a little chunk I had missed and quickly brought the claw in close once more so I could pull the bit free and let my barbed tongue grind it against the roof of my mouth. The human shuddered as he watched that.

Ill get right on it. He said and moved to leave, likely wanting to not think about our eating habits.

Blessed be Unity. Blessed be the Progenitors. With such a savory hunt to mark the start of my day I felt invigorated! I had nothing else scheduled for today as I was being provided a break for the Winter Solstice which was important on this planet for some reason. I had no use with a break however and already knew what I wanted to do with my day. I left the facility then, saluting and greeting my fellow Rekanta with a quick dance or scent leak. But I had to exchange words with the Bregnan who guarded the larger compound our barracks was inside of.

I did not like the Bregnan as much as other species in the Unity. They claimed to be hunters but I felt they had forgotten that life too long ago. They were now more brutes, or thugs than hunters. Though I would always work with them in the name of Unity and Peace. At least they accepted the will of the Progenitors as law unlike many humans still. Why could more of them not be like Food Preparation Expert Charles Montgomery?

Blessed be Unity. Blessed be the Progenitors. The day was clear and bright. The sky a deep rich blue with only a few scattered white clouds to break it up. The Weather Manipulation Office had done an excellent job ensuring this was a wonderful appearing day. Even though it was just beginning I had a strong suspicion this would be a good day indeed. The streets were empty unlike most days as humans slept in to prepare for the parties they would attend tonight. Those that were out moved aside for me quickly.

I looked at some of the buildings I passed by in the commercial neighborhood that bordered the compound I lived in. Humans had such amazing variety in skills. They made things of all manner and variety. Tools, shelter, furniture, decorations, clothing, and much much more. I couldnt help but feel that bit of envy creep back into my mind as I wondered what it would be like to be a species with so many uses. They were shaped like many other sentients and fit in a great deal of locations physically, culturally, and environmentally. Unlike my kind. How good they had it. So many options to help the Unity. The thought made me speed up a little as I moved out of the commercial area into the residential.

Blessed be Unity. Blessed be the Progenitors. This area was home to some of our most esteemed and valuable collaborators. Time and care had gone into crafting these buildings for valued members of the Unity to live in. Which is why it had been a shock to me when I first felt those sounds coming from the street below only to uncover an entire illegal operation within a building. But the biggest shock was having to release the proprietor of the establishment. I was fighting to keep a hold on those who worked for them but theyd be released in a day or two.

I moved up to the door then and tapped against it with my pincers. I waited for six minutes and twelve seconds when I decided to tap against the door once more, but harder and for a longer period of time. After that I waited only five minutes before knocking on it yet again with more force and a longer duration. Four minutes after that I simply started knocking on the door continuously until it finally opened and the human answered the door gasped out. What the bloody ell! After a moment he looked down to see me and jumped back from the door with a cry of surprise.

Good morning Criminal Scum Lucy Pendragon. I am Integration and Prosperity Agency Tactical Operations Captain N-22843. You may remember me from when I arrested you a few days ago. Without asking for permission I pushed the door open further and walked inside as he backed away. Once inside I closed the door behind me with my tail.

Ah yes well I was released. And my name is Lucifer He was hesitant with his words and there seemed to be some slight fluctuation between what I recognized as accented English and the more common accent found here in Divinity City. Curious.

You were addressed as Lucy by a Progenitor, this means I should also address you by this name. I had no intention of using the name on file if a Progenitor used a different one for him.

Well what about that criminal scum part? He asked after that as he kept his back against the nearby wall while I stood before him.

That is your title as I have no other title to address you by. I informed him then began to walk further into his house and business.

Wait, where are you goin? Whats this on about? I was released. He protested and moved to follow me as I opened the door that had been previously used to enter the club he operated beneath street level.

Yes, and I was informed you provide services to the Unity that I am either incapable of comprehending, or not allowed to know about depending on my ability to process information and my security clearance. I moved down the stairs then, a tricky prospect for my species but not if one practiced the movement. Which I did.

So then why are you here? He asked as I stepped out into the club itself. Unlike when I had first rushed down here to seize criminals the lighting was very different. The white lights were on while the colored lights were off and it was very well lit in this state.

Blessed be Unity. Blessed be the Progenitors. I have come to discover if I can comprehend the service you provide. I said my usual mantra aloud this time. This thing called music. I wish to be exposed to human music. I turned to look at him as he joined me.

What? Like like what I had on the other night? I chittered in amusement at that.

No. I want to experience music. Not whatever sort of alarm you had going. I have to admit those random noises were somewhat jarring, and might have disoriented a less disciplined Rekanta. But Im far too experienced to let such an awful noise distract me.

Guess youre not a fan of dubstep then I tapped my pincers at that, confused by the word and what he meant but he continued before I could discover more. So you want like classical?

Start as far back as you feel is necessary for me to appreciate and understand this concept. I figured I might have to start back quite a ways. How long had humans made music? 100 years? I wasnt sure. I was more learned in their military and technological history.

Well I suppose I could do that. If you could stop calling me Criminal Scum. As he said that I tapped my pincers once more in confusion.

But I didnt call you Criminal Scum. I called you Criminal Scum Lucy Pendragon. That is your title to me which is appropriate as we are not mates, nor are we very familiar. The human blinked as he stared at me and then shrugged.

Well arent you charming? He suggested then.

Yes, I have been noted for my charming attitude. I admitted.

Fine whatever mate. He muttered which made me correct him.

But I just said we are not mates. I do not think we would be well matched anatomically, and you lack the qualities I would likely look for were I of reproductive age. Then I thought about it for a moment. Or is that a colloquial term?

Ah its sort of like that yeah. I just meant it as Look if you want to listen to some music get down onto the dance floor there. He pointed to the lowest portion of the club. Do you like it loud?

As loud as possible. The bone and minute hair structure with which my body can process audio waves is very sturdy when compared with that of a human. Do not worry about damaging my ability to hear. I informed him.

Right and what do you know about music anyway?

Its a series of sounds made by a variety of instruments or vocals in some combination to express a form of harmony, or emotion. It is considered to be made up of sounds that are simultaneously more complex, and less complex than spoken languages as music is said to have the ability to express meaning even without words. In that vein I would request you choose music without any vocals. Id like to experience this. Though I suspect that while humans might enjoy it, other species will not. I cannot currently comprehend a series of sounds that would mean anything to me if not in the context of a language.

The human stared at me for several seconds once I had finished. Uh right. The dance floor. He waved at the area once more and I walked down to it as he moved upstairs into some sort of booth. Likely it had padding to protect his ears. For a species that had such fragile auditory sensors humans had a great deal of affection for things which would permanently damage those sensors.

Blessed be Unity. Blessed be the Progenitors. Let them give me the strength of mind to try and bear with this task. I would subject myself to it no matter how awful it sounded. I needed to understand why it was this criminal had been released despite playing banned music and running and establishment that was also illegal. The answer couldnt be in his status as a collaborator as no one was above the law. Not before the eyes of the Progenitors.

Alright. Im going to start you off with something pretty famous. Its simply titled Symphony number nine, by a chap named Beethoven. And by the way it isnt banned either its perfectly legal to listen to. Well then it couldnt be all that bad of the Progenitors allowed it.

The sound was very low at first and I wondered if the speakers had been turned up like I asked. It was just it was growing louder now. So I suppose tha- I jerked as the instruments truly began to play. I hadnt expected that. It was so loud and dire? I wasnt sure what I was feeling now. I looked up at the speakers before me, watching them pulse and quiver with the sounds being broadcast. Then things got low and quiet once more. Was that just the warmup? No it was increasing once more.

It wasnt long at all before I found myself getting lost in this noise. This wonderful noise. It sounded important, and threatening, and hopeful, and more. I could barely keep up with it as I tried to determine what it was suddenly making feel as it never seemed to truly stop. It would just get quiet from time to time before building up to another crescendo. There were times when a single instrument would fill the room around me with a mystical sort of series of sounds. And others when they combined force of every note washed over me like a massive wave. And then it was over. I kept waiting for it to build up again but there was nothing.

Why did you stop? I asked.

What? That was it. That was the whole thing! Its been a bloody hour already! That couldnt be right. He had just started it. An hour? No. Simply incorrect.

More. I want to hear more. I said, more forcefully than I expected.

Well alright then why dont we go back to his 5th symphony then. He suggested. I wondered if one person could have possibly written an earlier work that was even close to as stunning as what I had just heard. But then the noise assaulted me from all sides and I couldnt stop from quivering, as if trying to absorb every note that blasted out of those speakers very suddenly. After that I was nearly frozen in intense concentration as I wanted to hear and feel every second of this performance.

It was repetitive, and yet not. As if every time I swore the same notes were coming out they were somehow different. Each part building on what came before it while the waves of sound continuously crashed over me while I stood there, transfixed. The only movement in the room around me the speakers themselves. Just as I thought that I knew would come next I was proven right, and yet wrong at the same time. This was maddening. How could someone, anyone, craft together a series of sounds like this? Noises! Music was made of noises! But to call this simply noise it betrayed the word. It betrayed the meaning.

Had a Progenitor ever made such a series of noises? Why had they not shared this with us before? Where was there music? Where was our music? Why had we never stopped in our hunts to to bang rocks together or something? To craft something to do This! How many instruments were there? How much of human ingenuity had been poured into making this a reality? The thoughts ran wild through my mind now. I was terrified by this. I was exhilarated by it. I was inspired. And distraught.

Why did you stop? I asked yet again when the music was over.

That was another entire symphony you know. So, a symphony means lots of instruments all playing together. Do you want to hear someone playing alone? Just one man on a single instrument? I couldnt possibly expect a single person to instil the same sort of feelings within me as entire symphonies but I knew I couldnt refuse.

Yes please. I said simply.

This, is the Toccata and Fugue in D minor. The noise made me jump. It was not at all like I expected but all I had to go on were the two previous works. When the deep notes suddenly rumbled out I hunkered down low to the floor and looked up at the ceiling, expecting it to suddenly drop on me for some reason. But the speakers kept working and nothing bad happened as I listened. This this mix of single notes with these deep long rumbles how could this possibly be the work of a single person? A single human. And just one instrument?

It was oppressive. That was the only way I could describe it right now. It was like the music was oppressing me in such a way that it held me in sway with the notes. My body began to slightly bounce up and down as the pitch rose and fell as it seemed to bring light and then pour darkness back down upon me with nothing but noise! Noise! Why were there no better words for this? Were there? I needed to know them.

I would rise higher and higher, as if I was suddenly going to float off of the floor as the music continued to play, and then I would suddenly be brought crashing down by the deep foreboding rumbles that came from those speakers around me. Like I was held in a trance by some strange creature that was about to devour my entire being if I couldnt escape. But I wasnt even trying to run at this point.

When the music finally tapered off to nothing I gasped out heavily for air. How long had I been holding my breath? How. I finally gasped out. How was that one person? How was that one instrument? Is that some sort of computer aided machine? Something created at the height of your technology before the invasion?

What? The human laughed at me from his box upstairs. No. Thats perhaps the oldest piece I have. But certainly not the oldest music there is. Its called an organ. Its just air being shoved through pipes. No computer, no electricity or anything like that. I wanted to call him a liar but I couldnt. He might be telling the truth. Did that worry me more?

Now then, I have things I need to do and youve been here almost two hours already. But I want to play you something else. Something much newer. And this is illegal music. The instruments youve mostly heard already. But this artist is known for Jazz, and Jazz is banned so this is to. But Ill let you be the judge of if thats worthy or not.

What did he mean hed let me be the judge? The Progenitors were judges. They couldnt be wrong. I felt a very uneasy sense of doubt creep into my mind just as [the music began](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AbjpSlYNMhE). It was distinct. Incredibly different from the other pieces. It felt isolated. Lonely. Mournful. It was beautiful in a way I had never experienced before. As much as the other pieces had crashed over me and assaulted my senses this this was something else. It was like it drifted before me gently caressing me.

I thought of my home. My first home. Before I left on the ships to be trained and brought here to earth. I thought of that last day on the planet. The skies were grey. The normally dry ground before my small cave disturbed by light rain. I had watched those little drops impact the dusty ground like some sort of tiny meteor striking at it. Creating miniature craters. That was my last real memory of my home planet. 24 years ago. When I was three.

Then it stopped, far too soon. And yet at the perfect time. I stood there, without a word for seconds? Minutes? It wasnt until I felt the trickle of something running down my tail that I finally moved. I looked back and saw that without thinking I had leaked venom. When had that happened? I suppose the music had so focused my mind I forgot to regulate my glands. I looked up at the human in his little box. He was patiently waitng for me to speak. I should reprimand him for playing forbidden music. More. It was all I could say.
