[30000] Escape from Holding Pen 15
FormerFutureAuthor
"The thing about humans," said Gretorp, spreading his webbed fingers across the bar top, "is that they've got no fucking self-respect."  

Blorbnorp stared glumly into his glass. 

"You mean self-restraint," he said.  

"That too."  

"Well, I don't see how that's supposed to make our jobs any easier, boss. It certainly doesn't make me feel any better about having to"  

"It just means  look, you ever hear of the Zanzibar-class battlecruiser?"  

Blorbnorp took a swig of beer, vibrating his eyestalks to indicate that he had not.  

"The Zanzibar is the size of a moon, okay? It's bigger than twelve of our battlecruisers clumped together. Horrid-looking thing. Looks like a pregnant dubenarp with an underactive thyroid."  

"Um."  

"Yeah. Does it make sense to build a ship that big? Is there some strategic advantage to having a ship that's the size of a moon? Of course not. It's nothing but a juicy, ponderous target. A target that is quite literally impossible to miss, due to the fact that *it has its own gravity*."  

"Large ship, Gretorp. I get it. The ship is large."  

"That's not the point, though. The point is *why*. *Why* is the ship so large? What do they fill it with? Do they have, like, theme parks in there? Do they have a mountain retreat, with an intricate system of rivers and streams? Do they have cities with skyscrapers and parks and carts serving those bizarre pinkish reconstituted meat cylinders that humans so inexplicably adore?"  

"I'm guessing no."  

"Of course not. I watched a documentary on this. The Zanzibar was designed to commemorate the 30,000th anniversary of human spaceflight, right? Several criteria were given to the engineers, with instructions to spare no expense. The ship had to be capable of firing 30,000 nuclear missiles simultaneously. It was supposed to carry enough ammunition for each missile launcher to fire 30,000 times, although the engineers were able to talk that ridiculous number down to a mere three hundred. Oh, and it had to have thirty thousand 30,000-gigawatt laser installations, for reasons that are entirely unclear, unless the humans were for some reason interested in heating the cloud of dissociated atoms left behind after the first volley of missiles."    

Gretorp paused to rub away a stain on his uniform. When it wouldn't budge, he turned his hand over and used his knuckle-spines, to no avail.  

"They even planned on building 30,000 of the monstrosities, although they gave up on that after annihilating a dozen solar systems in pursuit of construction materials for the first fifty."  

"What's your point, boss?"  

"My point? My point is that they built a fleet of stupidly-huge ships and filled them to bursting with nuclear missiles, man! Nine million nuclear missiles per ship! What scenario in the universe has ever called for nine million nuclear missiles at once?"  

"And you're saying that this hubris justifies the murder of the human females and children over in Holding Pen 15?"  

"No, Im not  Im not speaking to a specific case, here  this is more of a general point Im making, Blorbnorp. Humans, on the whole, are swine."  

But not all humans.  

Well, sure, not *necessarily* all humans.  

But the females and the children? The ones whose males we executed yesterday?  

Hey, species has nothing to do with that. These humans were trespassing. Wed treat Sankoos or Bzbuzzers the exact same way.  

Sure, wed kill the males. But wouldnt we let the females and children go free?  

I dont claim to understand every thought that crosses the Supreme Commanders mind. Im sure he has his reasons.  

Personally, said Blorbnorp, drawing himself up and puffing his neck pouches as he steeled himself for the inevitable rebuttal, Im afraid of the humans coming back for revenge.  

Please, scoffed Gretorp. Theyd never pick a fight with us. Theyd be crazy to try. Ludicrous Zanzibar-ships or no, our fleet is ten times the size of theirs. Wed obliterate them in a matter of days.  

Crazy to try, right, said Blorbnorp doubtfully.  

Anyway, Im sure the humans understand. We have an obligation to protect our borders. If the humans want the right of passage, they have to agree to pay our tolls like everybody else. Until then, theyre not allowed in our territory. Its as simple as that.  

Tolls, sure, said Blorbnorp, deflating. But dont you think its a bit unfair, that we have control over the entire core? So the only way to avoid the tolls is to go all the way around?  

Tough shit. Thats how the galaxy works, pal.  

Blorbnorp downed his beer.      

Jeebs, Blorb, said Gretorp, good thing its empty in here. Dont let anybody hear you talking like that, huh? This is a military planet. You sound like one of those wobbly-thoraxed activists.  

Sorry.  

Face it: if our roles were reversed, the humans would do the same thing to us.  

Sure, said Blorbnorp, but does that make it right?  

Gretorp harrumphed. Well, its time to go.  

Blorbnorp lingered on his barstool. Ill join you in a minute.  

Come on, man! The execution is in forty-five minutes, and if you dont hustle, somebodys going to take your spot on the firing squad!    

What a pity, muttered Blorbnorp with his lower mouth.  
  
What was that?  

I said Im coming.  

Damn right you are.  

Blorbnorp heard his superior officer open the door. After a few seconds without hearing it close, he turned to see what had happened. Gretorp stood like a statue in the doorway.  

You alright there, boss? called Blorbnorp.  

Gretorp shuddered. Then his right half separated from his left half, entrails like green tubers popping free. The right Gretorp-half fell almost gracefully to the floor, where it spasmed twice and was still. A gruesome puddle began to spread. The left half remained upright, hand locked on the doorknob, the whole structure twitching as the disconnected heart struggled to beat.  

Oh no, said Blorbnorp, palpating his stomach.  

A flash of purple separated the doorknob-affixed hand from its arm, sending the left body hemisphere toppling down atop its fellow and revealing a human female between the ages of fifteen and twenty, her knees slightly bent, a nanokatana held expertly in delicate hands.  

You got a ship, shithead? barked the female in Common as she leapt across the puddle. Behind her came a stream of humans, all of them female or young, many of them carrying plasma rifles that Blorbnorp could only presume had been wrenched from the lifeless hands of his colleagues. 

His eyestalks shrank.  

No! he said in an extremely high voice.  

The tip of the katana hummed beneath his chin.  

Youll want to consider the answer to this next question very carefully, said the female. Her eyes were bright purple. Hed never heard of a human with purple eyes.  

Okay, he squeaked.  

Do you know where to find a ship?  

His eyes flicked from her to the humans behind her and back. One of the humans  an older one, with a length of torn cloth tied around her head to keep the gray hairs from dangling across her face  looked away long enough to spit in the widening puddle of Gretorp.    

Yes, said Blorbnorp, "I know where to find a ship."  

Then show us, said the human.    

*****  

*****  

*****  

Kristen kept a wary eye on the Kleedorian as he led them down alleyway after alleyway. Shed expected to have to lop off a digit or two to make him sufficiently scared, and therefore trustworthy, but hed showed all the physiological signs of abject terror the moment she stepped through the door. At this point she was worried he was *too* scared, that hed have a heart attack and expire before he could get them to a ship.  

Hey, she said, putting a hand on his shoulder before they turned another corner. He fell to the ground, covering his face with his arms.  

Whoa there, buddy, she said. Calm down. Im not going to hurt you.  

His eyelids whisked up and down like windshield wipers turned to the fastest setting.  

Whats your name? she asked.  

Blorbnorp, he said.  

*Blarbnurb* you know what, Im just going to call you Bob, if thats alright.  

He nodded frantically.  

A nod, huh? Whered you learn what that meant?  

Both mouths gaped.  

Whatever. Get us to a ship and well let you go, okay? I dont want to kill you. Understand?  

She could feel the others pressing up behind her, peering over her shoulder at the prostrated alien.  

Understand? repeated Kristen.  

Yes, said Bob.

Then go.  

Its just that, said Bob, were kind of actually -- well, we're already there, is the thing."    

She stepped over him, pressed herself against the wall, and peered around the corner. A Kleedorian corvette squatted on its launch pad.  

There are guards over there, she said.  

There are guards everywhere, he said. Please dont kill me.  

She nudged him with her foot. Go talk to them. Get them to leave.  

He scrambled up and stared at her, quaking from head to toe.  

Christ, man, get a hold of yourself, she said. Tell them the prisoners escaped, or something. Just get them out of the way. Then youre free to go.  

The Kleedorian lingered for a moment, meeting her gaze. Then he wheeled, puffed up his neck pouches, and staggered around the corner.  

*****  

*****  

*****  

What a day, said one Kleedorian officer to the other as Blorbnorp approached. First the prisoners escape, and now this?  

The two of them stood, necks craned back, squinting at the yellow sky. Blorbnorp looked too. A shimmer in the air betrayed the activation of the planetary shield.  

I heard they only brought thirty ships, said the second Kleedorian. Crazy fucking humans. Pick a war with us, huh? Well stomp them into bits.  

Excuse me! said Blorbnorp.  

Grubnut said one of the thirty ships was the size of a moon, though. Probably packs some serious firepower, said the first Kleedorian.  

Oh, is it one of those  whats it called  something with a Z   

Zanzibar-class battlecruiser, said Blorbnorp with horror. The others turned to look at him.  

That was it, said the second Kleedorian, checking Blorbnorps uniform. Zanzibar. What are you doing out here, private?  

Theres a human fleet up there? asked Blorbnorp.  

Yup. Dont know what they think theyre going to accomplish, though. The planetary shield can withstand five million nuclear missile strikes in twenty-four hours, is what I heard.  

Blorbnorp paled. Only five million? he squeaked.  

Yeah, said the second Kleedorian. Why?  

Behind Blorbnorp, something exploded. Humans spilled out of the alleyway, firing wildly back the way theyd come. They must have been flanked. Blorbnorp saw the purple-eyed female flying toward him, low along the ground, nanokatana held out to the side like a wing.  

What the shouted the first Kleedorian, drawing his weapon.  

Something snapped within Blorbnorp and he lunged, wrapping himself around the officer just as he pulled the trigger. Plasma sprayed up in a searing arc as the two of them tumbled to the ground.  

Traitor! screamed the officer, grabbing Blorbnorps face in a claw and throwing him aside. Blorbnorp, dazed, rolled to a halt and watched the officer clamber to his feet. The plasma rifle rose again, a green finger tightening on its trigger 

The human female cleaved the gun arm from its body with a single sizzling blow.     

Aaaarrrgghhh! screamed the Kleedorian, until she whipped the katana across like a purple-bladed fan and sent his head flying too.  

Theres another one! shouted Blorbnorp in Common.  

Yeah, I got him already, said the female, sheathing her katana and extending a hand to help him up. I dont know what inspired you to do that, buddy, but Im guessing you want to come with us now.  

Women and children hurtled across the tarmac, those with rifles laying down a withering wall of fire behind them as they came.  

*****  

*****  

*****  

Kristen slid into the pilots seat and yanked the belt across her chest. Thank God the Kleedorians were bipedal and vaguely humanoid. With some alien races, you wouldnt have a seat at all, just a couple of pillars to brace yourself against, or a set of bars to dangle from.  

Can you fly one of these? asked Blorbnorp dubiously as he settled into the copilots chair.  

Yeah, said Kristen, flicking switches one after the other to prepare for liftoff.  

Outside, the sky began to flash, great sweeping explosions of white bursting one after the other like a chain reaction of supernovas. The nuclear barrage had begun.  

Fucking Luther Vandross, spat Kristen as she hit the switch to drop polarizing filters over the viewports.  

Whos that? asked Blorbnorp as they rose off the ground.  

BUCKLE UP! shouted Kristen over her shoulder. Then she floored it.  

WHO IS LUTHER VANDROSS? shouted Blorbnorp over the roar of the thrusters.  

DEFENSE MINISTER, shouted Kristen. HES BEEN PUSHING FOR A WAR WITH YOU GUYS FOR YEARS. THE TRADING CONGLOMERATES OWN HIM. MOTHERFUCKER PROBABLY GOT MY DAD ALL RILED UP WHEN HE HEARD I WAS DEAD.  

They tore across the sky. Clearly flying through the planetary shield was out of the question, since it would vaporize the craft on impact. Plus there were the nukes to think about. Her mind raced, searching for an answer.  

I DONT UNDERSTAND, said Blorbnorp. WHO IS YOUR FATHER?  

THE KING, said Kristen. THE KING OF THE GALAXY. OR THE PART HUMANITY OWNS, AT LEAST.  

Blorbnorp didnt say anything. After a moment she glanced over to see if he was alright. Both his mouths were gaping at her again.  

DONT GIVE ME THAT GORMLESS LOOK, she shouted. WHERES THE NEAREST SHIELD GENERATOR?  

*****  

*****  

*****  

They came in low and hot and spread half the ships payload around the perimeter of the shield generator. The generator itself was a silver horn, the tip of which sent a shimmering orange beam skyward. Kristen hovered the corvette a few hundred feet away from the beam.  

NOW YOURE, LIKE, A SUPER-TRAITOR, she observed, watching Kleedorians flee the carnage below.  

Blorbnorp appeared to be trying to retract his eyestalks into his head.  

Kristen punched a code into the comms.  

GET ME LUTHER VANDROSS, she shouted as the conflagration raged below.  

She had to yell at a few different people, but she knew the codes, and eventually they had no choice but to let her through.  

VANDROSS, she shouted.  

Where are you? he asked, barely audible. She cranked up the volume.  

YOU SHITHEAD, she shouted, STOP WITH THE NUKES. IM STILL DOWN HERE.  

Christ, its so loud!  

BLAME THE KLEEDORIANS. THEY DONT BELIEVE IN NOISE SUPPRESSION.  

We can stop the barrage, but youre still stuck under the shield.  

YEAH, LET ME WORRY ABOUT THAT PART, said Kristen, finger hovering over the button to drop the rest of the payload. Above the horizon, a fleet of dots grew against the yellow sky. HURRY UP!  

Kristen cut the connection. Thirty seconds later, the nuclear barrage ceased.  

She hit the button.  

Then, not waiting to see if the missiles found their mark, she pulled the corvette into a steep climb and rocketed away, a squadron of Kleedorian fighters screaming in pursuit.  

CAN YOU SHOOT SOME OF THOSE FUCKERS DOWN FOR ME? shouted Kristen, wrenching the controls as plasma spattered their rear shields.  

I WOULD REALLY PREFER NOT TO DIRECTLY KILL ANY OF MY FELLOW  

LOOK, BOB, THEYRE TRYING TO KILL *YOU*, RIGHT? ITS SELF-DEFENSE.  

The planetary shield shimmered before them.  

THE SHIELD, shouted Blorbnorp.  

ITLL REBOOT, replied Kristen. WHEN THE GENERATOR DROPS, WELL HAVE A FEW SECONDS.  

He stared at her. SECONDS?  

WHAT? she snapped, glancing at him. ITLL TAKE SOME LUCK, SURE, BUT IT WAS THE ONLY IDEA I COULD COME UP WITH. YOU GOT A BETTER ONE?  

LAND AND PRAY FOR THE SUPREME COMMANDERS MERCY? offered Blorbnorp.  

Kristen powered a laugh over the shrieking thrusters. YOURE A FUNNY GUY, BOB. A REAL FUCKING JOKESTER.  

*****  

*****  

*****  

The corvette left a swooping blue contrail as it spiraled and dodged, streaking toward the upper atmosphere. All at once, the planetary shield shuddered, winked, and went out. A few moments later, the corvette burst through. Smoke billowed from a gunport that had caught a particularly penetrative spike of plasma.  

Eighteen Kleedorian fighter pilots, tasting blood, careened up after the corvette.  

Just as the first fighter crossed the threshold, the shield shimmered back to life. At that range, the closest pilots had no time to register what had happened before they were vaporized. Their ships were deconstructed down to a molecular level and flung in all directions at six hundred times the speed of sound. The other fighter pilots were luckier, but only slightly; their ships were also torn to bits, but at least they were visible bits. Shards, even, of particularly hardy metal and synthetic compounds, spiraling out of the yellow sky like a deadly hail that stretched across thousands of terrestrial miles.  

Above the shield, the corvette rocketed toward Luther Vandrosss frigate (a humble frigate, and not the Zanzibar, because even Vandross wasnt foolish enough to set up his headquarters on that colossal sitting duck), carrying a load of survivors for whom excitement was tempered somewhat by raw memories of husbands, fathers, and brothers lost the day before.  



 



