[OC] Superweapons
VillagerNo4
"Captain! Order Sir, We need orders!" A young Ensign shouted at me as the ship shuddered from a glancing blow. Who was he again? Ah... Young Xerxes... my nephew. He's such a respectful young lad and took so much from my sister, bless her soul.

I do wish he had screamed a bit louder so as to block out all the noise right now. All these infernal alarms and scream for help were getting the more infuriating. The doctors said that I shouldn't subject my self to too much stress and the sound are oh so stressful. 

I shouldn't stress myself to much and those were the doctors orders and we do know not to disobey doctors orders... however that would be hypocritical me because I'm on my ship right now.

Why was I in my ship again? I do remember retiring... Ah right, the push to the enemy homeworld. My friend invited me on his Fleet to accompany him. 

My friend told me the enemy fleet was already broken and only one ships remains. He said I just stand beside him as he conquer the last enemy strong hold. 

Ohh look is that his hands floating by the window? Oh it is! So it was true that he has his own gravitational field. Who knew that having him pig out would atleast allow some part of him to survive that... that... how do I describe something that breaks the laws of physics?

Hmmm that is a good que-!

Damn these seats! We should have installed seat belts of them but noooo! High Command just had to "allocate funds to more sensible projects". Sensible my arse, every captain I know is asking for seatbelts.

Oh look, there goes the 23rd Squadron. 

It's actually quite surprising how long we lasted in the battle. The enemy should have wiped us of the face of reality when they first fired of... that... **unfair** weapon of theirs! 

"Captain please! Uncle snap out of it! We need you to give us orders!" My nephew once again shouted.

Orders? Why the hell should I be giving orders to my cute little sisters son? 

Hmmmm....ummmmm... ahhhh... I remember... we were in the middle of the battle. What should I be doing again? Ahh right orders!

Clearing my throat, I then said with a smile on my face "Abandon Ship...ohh and do take my stash of Alcohol with you Xerxes. Those are some fine alcohol and we don't want them getting to waste.". 

"Ohh stop giving me that look Xerxes, follow your comrades!"I shouted as I saw my nephew taking a seat at the just recently vacated navigation terminal.

Xerxes, your making me hate my self for this. 

I pulled our my pistol, made sure to set it on stun and shot my nephew in the back. 

"You!" I pointed at my recently assigned second in command. "Take him with you and do take my stash of Alcohol with you."
 
Well it certainly didn't take long before the ship was devoid of any life beside me. I hope I do remember how to fly my old girl. Now... where's the FTL drive button again? Got to ram that monstrosity of a ship before it causes to much damage! Oh here it i...
---
(Slightly edited. Will edit out more mistakes later on)