[OC] Struck
Dachande663
Tick followed tock followed tick followed tock. We are waiting now. The roar of the planet is screaming against the metal walls and inside we are all dead men and we are waiting for death to greet us. Tick followed tock.

In a morning you wake and you know it will be the last morning you see but you see it anyway and it is for the first time. The family you rise with are not blood. The family you share these walls with, the walls of a wailing ship falling into battle, are closer than any family. You boast and you rut and you smash against the armoured skulls of your comrades. Tonight you will wake in hell but today you are alive and these men and women will shout your name long after you are gone.

The ship is screaming now and the screaming is inside your head. Some men plot and they scheme but those are not the men who do the killing. Around you is death and it wears the face of your friends. Boots and rifle and grit. That is what the enemy shall see and the enemy shall see defeat.

Waiting. The tick of the mission clock. The air, thicker. The mood, darker. A hundred rockets burst and the ship hangs motionless and you smash into the crashseat and the world announces to you, get off my lawn. The ramp falls open and hell is waiting.

We run and we hide and we shoot. Age is not experience here. The men who broke, broke in their mothers wombs long before they were kicked out into this hell. Some die as the black light finds them and burns a hole through their bodies and you see the beam continue. They wither and die and live now only in you. Fight for them.

You charge. We charge up a mountain and the battle becomes an opal swan that is taking flight. The world is shifting and still you run and you shoot and you kill the mountain that is moving. The huge worldbeast falls to gravity and still you fire into the corpse of something too huge to comprehend.

They die now. The lesser fall to the greater and in ever greater numbers. There is nothing but the dull ache of a carbine in your arms that glows like an angry iron. And crawling, through the mud and the blood, she is crawling, and she is weak but she looks at you with the anger a being can only hold for the invaders from a shore beyond any ocean, and she crawls onwards until her fingers clasp the rifle of a blackgun and you sight and you aim.

Tick followed tock followed tick. She is waiting. Her back is to you. Her talons reach. They pull amongst the mud. She touches the weapon. She snarls and sings and she wishes death upon you a thousand times over.

We did this to their world because they have done it to ours. We were young and they took that for weakness. She will be the last because there are no more of them to follow her. She grabs the gun and the clock sings her song for the last time.

-x-

NB: So I have my first xc race in an hour. Which meant I didn't sleep well. Which meant I ended up reading a lot of Hemingway. Which means I realise what a terrible writer I am and now futilely attempt to replicate even anything approaching that mans brilliance. Enjoy the product of fifteen minutes anxious typing.