Bloodied and Bent, but never Broken
Belisares
The mist wrapped itself around the ruins of the past, as if it was still trying to remember the greatness that once was. The early morning sun could not pierce the veil of this mist, its weak and ineffective rays shining down from the grey sky, giving the ruined buildings and vehicles a mystical appearance. The shallow tide flowed in the flooded streets, creating little eddies and currents in between the faded structures. An advertisement board still carried its old and broken promises of Beach-side Comforts! and Fun for the whole family!, its weathered face staring out into the pond that once was an intersection. 

Stretching across the gap between the broken shells of buildings were make-shift wooden and scrap bridges, held together by rope, spit, and prayer. Off of these bridges hung the torn flags of an ancient empire, one that once held most of the planet in its grasp, now nothing more than a shattered shell of itself. Watchmen in white and red uniforms stood droopily at their posts, black hats upon their heads, holding their fathers grand fathers rifles, and wearing armor older than that. The over-swelling river in the distance wove its way slowly through this city of yesterday, not that any of the men who stood guard could see through the mist.

Somewhere deep in the fog and mist, where the ineffectual sunlight only barely reached, sounded a warhorn. Then a second, then a third, followed by chanting in a tongue not meant to be heard by men. The watchmen stood at attention, all thoughts of sleep forgotten, as even more poured from the makeshift rooftop barrack that dotted this area of the city. In contrast to the inhuman warcries and unearthly horns beat the drums of war, creating an even and civilized tattoo against the chaos from beyond the mists. No shouts to retain order, no cries of fear echoed from these guardsmen. Rather, silent, stony-faced, and gripping their age-old weapons, these protectors stood, facing this threat from mist, these creatures that defied anything holy and sacred. Make-shift gates made of vehicles, road-signs, and other assorted pieces of scrap dropped between the buildings, blocking all entrance and exit from behind the guardsmen.

From the deep mists of the River came monsters, almost beyond all description. Not one of them looked like the other, each beast full of eyes, tentacles, claws, and fins, each beast an afront to geometry and biology both. From the bridges and make-shift gates came fire and lead, the steady beat of the drum continuing to keep its staccato tempo. The horrific monsters, made of the stuff of nightmares, threw themselves upon the gates attempting to climb and  mount these obstacles. From the riflemen came concentrated fire, overseen by the shouted, yet orderly and calm orders of their superiors.

First rank! Fire! Retreat! Reload! Second rank! Fire! Retreat! Reload!

This shouted mantra repeated again and again, until it barely sounded like words anymore. Beasts beyond all definition screamed horrific sounds out, enough to send anything crawling back into its hole, but these guardsmen held strong. Rank after rank of concentrated fire brought down wave after wave of mutants, bio-engineered warmachines, and things not of this world, until a dam of the dead began to clog the once-empty streets. These genetically engineered horrors stared into the face of death, a death that never wavered, a death that never knew fear, a death that never ran. The invasion of this city was halted for another day, as the monsters and creatures more befitting a Lovecraftian horror story than city street retreated to save what little was left of their number. An enemy beyond emotions felt only one thing: fear. 

As the beast of the oceans and river retreated, the gates of junk were raised up, and from them sailed boats of all kinds, all retrofitted for war. Their ancient engines putted and pushed them out of these flooded streets, each ship filled with the implacable guardsmen, chasing the enemy, and preparing to take back the city.

[And from their cracked and broken speakers, a triumphant and defiant warsong played, a battlecry for this Fallen Empire.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=W7NxDOrt8wI)