[OC][Biotech] Man's Last Friend
CaptainChewbacca
Category- Uplift

Rakurr was late, something he hated being.  *Curse those clanless deepspawn!*  He muttered under his breath.  He had been high protector of the Endeavour for almost thirty seasons, his harness of office now faded to matching his grey-speckled fur.  It clanked as he buckled it around his chest and threw the cloak his apprentice Galak handed him across his shoulders. 
Will we be in time, Protector?  Galak breathed easily as his young legs matched the Protectors stride.

The gineers will wait, young one.  For over six hundred risings the protectors have been there, and we will be in time.  Galak handed his spear to a russet-furred guardsman as they made their way to the inner chambers of the complex.  He and Galak had been girded for war only this morning as they treated with the deepspawn at the waters edge.  He bristled as he remembered the exchange.  

The Deepspawn had tested the defenses of Cold Harbor before, but only in small bands of ten to fifteen raiders.  In the night over six hundred had breached the ruined sea wall of Oyster Bay and arrayed at the shoreline, with bristling spears topped with glass and steel held by their grasping tentacles.  The spawn had not attacked, thank the Progenitors.  The forgotten race of the time of the Progenitors, Deepspawn had thrived since the fall and now raided the entire eastern shore, in other parts of the world they held the land and even took slaves, as evidenced by the two Protosapiens in chains the Deepspawn had brought.


Deepspawn couldnt easily speak the languages of the air, though they could allegedly communicate with the finnfolk.  Protosapiens, however, had been created most closely in the image of the Progenitors and had been gifted skill in language and learning.  It was why a small clan of them had been left behind by the Progenitors at Cold Harbor, to tend the work of the Risings and await the Return.  The gift for languages made them valuable allies, even as their closeness to the Progenitors left them vulnerable to their curse.  The two on the beach, however, seemed alert and aware as they translated for the Deepspawn.


We have come for the Rising, to pay homage.  The Deepspawn shrieked and clicked with his beak buried deep in his tentacle face.  The Children of Dark Water seek the return.  It flicked a tentacle towards the guardsmen high on the bank, some of which held ancient guns at ready.  Why do you Fenris greet us with unwelcome and disrespect?  The Children had heard that Cold Harbor was free to those who search for the Progenitors.
Rakurr sighed, and shook his head.  This wasnt the first time Deepspawn had tried to enter the city.  Two centuries earlier they had attacked from the south in strength, four warbands together, over the ruins of the broken islands.  The Fenris had fought them off at great cost, succeeding only at the expenditure of the last of the mortarrs left in the armory.  The Deepspawn had stayed away since then, but the one in front of him was trying a new tactic.


All are welcome who seek the Progenitors in peace, Child of Dark Water.  He bowed his head low without shifting his gaze, and he inclined his spear towards the warchief.  If you and ten of your warriors would lay down their weapons, I will personally guarantee your safety.  


He had thought he was ready for the shrieking outrage, but few sounds could compare to an angered Deepspawn.  It nearly came to bloodshed, and Rakurr had to order one of his gunmasters to shoot the tip of a spear off with a single shot.  In the end, the Deepspawn left with their men and slaves, though Rakurr ordered increased patrols around the islands shore.


Shaking himself out of his thoughts, Rakurr and Galak approached the ornate entryway to the inner chamber.  Over the door he read the sign, faded but still legible after a hundred generations.

UNITED NATIONS IMMUNITY CULTIVATION ENDEAVOUR

DEDICATED TO THE SALVATION OF HUMANITY, ENTRUSTED TO ITS CHILDREN


A quartet of Fenris guards stood watch, unwavering in their gaze as the two Protectors moved past them.  Guarding the outer chamber of the Endeavour was a great honor to the Fenris, clans from all over the eastern lands send their sons in tribute to guard the city of Cold Harbor.


Rakurr felt his ears pop as the doors closed and the air shifted, the inner chamber maintained its own environment.  The inner doors opened, and a short, friendly Protosapien was there to greet him.  Protector Rakurr,  he nodded.  I greet you.  He extended his hand.

Chief Gineer. Rakurr shook his hand, a gesture unfamiliar to the Fenris.  Their hands were built differently, longer fingers and a smaller thumb indicating their canine lineage.  The Protosapiens had been crafted from apes, and their hands were almost exactly like those of the Progenitors.  Rakurr considered the hand, and wondered again if the Progenitors had known that by making the apes so close to them they would suffer similarly from the reduced birth rate and other illnesses, preventing them from spreading across the world like the Fenris.

The Protosapien glanced down at the glowing tablet in his hand, the flashing screen displaying information Rakurr couldnt understand.  The rising is time, would you and your apprentice like to see?


Rakurr nodded, and put his hand on Galaks shoulder to guide his apprentice.  The young Fenris had never been inside the inner chamber before; this was his first Rising.  They walked past rooms Galak could barely understand- One room filled with whirring machinery, another packed with colorful tanks of liquid and things floating in them.  One long room had banks of machines covered in lights with several Protosapiens gathered around a screen rapidly gesturing at it and arguing.  


At the end of the hallway was a brightly colored room with low tables and chairs, filled with toys.  As soon as they entered a chorus of voices shouted RAKURR!  From a back room, six human children came running in, barreling into Rakurr and knocking him down.  Galak was dumbfounded, his ears flattening in surprise and panic.  Peace, children, peace.  Rakurr untangled himself from the tickling and grasping hands.  I am glad to see you as well, but my old bones may not be.

YOURE OLD, RAKURR!  One little boy teased as he again wrapped his arms around Rakurrs leg.  


So, Chief Gineer?  Rakurr looked at the ape.


Ah, yes.  Summarizing year ten physical results.  The Protosapien scrolled through the readouts.  All six subjects were screened for genetic anomalies.  Base sequences show  He paused, hesitating. all subjects test positive for plague contagions.  Positive for ZTA virus.  Negative for reproductive viability.


It wasnt entirely unexpected, though Rakur still sat down, taking a moment.  Rakurr?  Is that bad?  One of the children walked over and put his hands on either side of the Fenris muzzle.  Are we gonna Return?


No, Jason.  Rakurr shook his head.  We have failed.  Your generation cannot ascend.  I am sorry.


The six children looked at each other, not fully comprehending what it meant.  How could they know that they were only the latest trial in a genetic experiment over a thousand years in the making?  How could they know that their cells held genetic diseases which would eventually cripple and kill them before age twenty?  They only knew the insides of their small nursery, and the beings their ancestors had left to protect them.


Jason looked at Rakurr and scratched him behind the ears.  Its okay, Rakurr.  Youre a good dog.


Deep in his genetic psyche, the words reached back through twelve thousand years of conditioning and resonated in his core, in a way no other words could.  Thank you, Progenitor.


Good Rakurr, good dog.  The children gathered around and embraced him.