The Progenitors
omnilynx
This is a little different than the usual HFY story. It's not a story about humans, though there are humans in it. Still, I think it belongs here.

---

"Daddy, tell me a bedtime story!"

"Alright, sweety, what do you want to hear about? Captain Cheekwag?"

"I've heard that one already!"

"How about the founding of the New Galactic Council?"

"That's boring!"

"Then... the Progenitors?"

"What are the progenitors?"

"Sweetie, you mean *who* are the Progenitors. They were an intelligent space-faring species that lived several hundred thousand years ago."

"How can they be that old? Wasn't the First Galactic Council only... um... fifteen thousand years ago?"

"Fourteen thousand three hundred, dear. And the Progenitors weren't ever part of the Galactic Council."

"Why not?"

"Like I said, they lived too long ago."

"Are they still alive?"

"No."

"Then how do you know about them?"

"Because they- Listen, do you want to ask questions or do you want me to tell the story?"

"...Tell the story."

"As I was saying, the Progenitors lived hundreds of thousands of years ago. They grew up alone, without any other intelligent species, and discovered how to travel between stars using hyperlanes on their own."

"Were they smart, like the Telaxari? What did they look like?"

"I just told you not to interrupt."

"...Sorry."

"They were pretty smart, but not the smartest species. They were very wise and peaceful though; we don't think they ever fought wars. They actually looked a lot like us. They were taller and thinner than us, though. We're not sure what color they were. There's a lot of things we don't know about them, since we never got a chance to talk to them."

"Anyway, when they started to colonize other star systems, they looked for other species. But they never found any. Well, they found other *organisms* but never anything advanced, just stuff like plants and bugs. So they decided they were the only intelligent species."

"But that's wrong! There's like a hundred species that-"

"Remember, this was a long time ago. None of our species were around back then, at least not in a form that would be able to communicate with them. And although they had space travel, they had still only explored a few dozen star systems near their homeworld, not a whole arm of the galaxy like we have."

"Anyway, the Progenitors were actually pretty lucky because on one world they finally found another intelligent species. The only problem was that *that* species had lived and died out even before the Progenitors. The only thing they found were the ruins the species had left behind. But from those ruins, they discovered something important. Intelligent species are very rare, and usually there's only one of them around at one place and time. An old species will die off before a new species has a chance to rise up."

"Why does the old species die?"

"The answer to that is very complicated, sweetie. But the basic answer is that if they're left alone they just do the same things over and over until it stops working. When many species are together, each of them is doing different things and it all works together to balance itself out. That's why the Galactic council species have survived so long."

"But the Progenitors only had themselves, so they just did the best they could. They colonized nearby systems and seemed to have a good civilization for nearly a thousand years, but then they encountered a terrible problem. They discovered that one of the nearby stars was about to go supernova, in less than a century. It was big enough that it would destroy all the nearby planets, including every Progenitor world."

"Oh no!"

"They worked very hard on a way to either escape or prevent the destruction, but they couldn't find anything and finally they had to admit that they were all going to die. Of course that made them all very sad. But I told you they were wise, and they were also very kind. They wanted to pass on their story and all they had discovered so that eventually other species would discover it. So they built arks, small ships that could carry some of their data to other stars."

"Wouldn't the arks get destroyed, too?"

"No, remember when I told you how hyperlanes work? Once they're set up you can travel between them faster than light as long as you add enough energy, but in order to set them up you have to bring one of the gates along the path of the hyperlane without going faster than light. The problem for the Progenitors was that going fast enough to escape the supernova without a hyperlane would have squashed them or the delicate gates. Only the small, sturdy arks could survive going that fast."

"So the Progenitors filled the arks with information. It was carefully designed with as much basic knowledge, especially math and science, as possible, with keys to the writing system and a small section about their species and history. They weren't sure what sort of technology it would be read with, so they carved it all at full size on metal plates so even species without microscopes or electronics would be able to read them. Then they sent off arks to as many planets outside the blast zone as they could find. Thousands of them, maybe as many as a million."

"But I haven't told you the reason why we call them the Progenitors yet. It's because when they sent off the arks, they did a very clever thing. They programmed each of the arks to escape the supernova as quickly as possible. But once they were out of danger, they programmed each ark to slow down and wait, so that they each arrived at their destinations at about the same time, whether it was nearby or very far away. Which meant that many intelligent species got a big boost in their technology at the same time. Some were already very advanced and didn't learn much, but others grew much more quickly than they would have done naturally. And when they figured out space travel, it all happened at roughly the same time, which means they were able to find each other. Unlike the progenitors, they weren't alone in the universe!"

"I know, daddy! That was us, right?"

"Yes, dear. The arks travelled for a very long time, and they all reached their destinations about twenty thousand years ago. The species who received and deciphered the arks were the first species of what would eventually become the Galactic Council. When they discovered each other there were many wars and dominations of one species by another, but also new intelligent species were discovered and given technology boosts, and so we survived to the present, instead of dying out like we would have done on our own. And we have the Progenitors to thank for that, which is why we gave them that name."

"What did they call themselves?"

"Well, we're not exactly sure, because they didn't know any other named species. So it might just be their word for 'person' or 'species'. But the word they used to refer to themselves was 'yumanz'."

"And all their planets and stuff are gone?"

"Everything but the arks. Now snuggle up, it's time to go to sleep."