Education, Part 3
BadWritingThrowaway
Neither, Im afraid." Cuul replied. 

I dont understand Daniel said. I thought the only way a Zaret would not have a surname is if it were stripped because they shamed their house, or because they were royal.  Not that it ever made sense why youd treat your criminals and royalty the same.

Cuul turned to address the younger human. Not carrying the name of your family or house is meant to convey a separation. Either you are a criminal and are stripped of it so as to not bring your shame to them, or your deeds are so great that you are known by your name alone. Royalty drop their house names as a sign of humility, as a way of saying that they intend to earn their own way to greatness, instead of relying on their birth.

That still doesnt answer my question. Lawrence said. 

I had some minor academic achievements that were rewarded for mostly political reasons. I would rather have kept my family name. Nothing Ive done puts me among the greats of Zaret society.

Fair enough. Lawrence replied. Where are you headed?

Anywhere theres food and somewhere to sleep. A transport off this planet would be ideal, but I think Im more likely to find a Batovian palace and relaxation pool than that.

Youre probably right. Were circling back towards Shelhak. Youre welcome to come with us if you want.

Back? To Shelhak. Cuul hesitated, and allowed the older human to see his eyes flick over to the boy, and tried to mimic the expression humans used when they did not wish to discuss delicate topics in front of their young. 

We know it was purged. Daniel said, catching his expression. 

Then why are you going back there?

Lawrence passed the rifle over to Daniel. Climb up the hill a ways, see what you can see. Once Daniel had started moving, he looked over at Cuul again. The boy is actually a lot better with that thing than I am. Younger eyes. Faster reflexes too.

Cuul didnt respond. Lawrence stepped over to a rock and sat down. 

My daughter didnt make it out with us. I have to find out what happened to her.

Cuul hesitated. Shelhak was purgedyour wife may have survived if her unit withdrew in timebut your other child...it is very unlikely

Lawrence looked at him. People have survived worse. Besides, I dont know that she didnt get out. We were separated. The last I saw of her, I could swear I saw someone reach for her. She may have gotten out, but I dont know where. I need to retrace our steps, go back to where I saw her last. See if I can guess where she might have gone. Youre free to come with us, we can always use another set of eyes, but I certainly dont expect you to.

DAD! We need to go! Now! Daniel half ran, half slid down towards them. 

What is it?

Fleet Marines. Fourth order markings.

Shit. Where?

A few kilometers south, headed up towards Shelhak.

Then we need to move.

Cuul did his best impression of a human expression of curiosity.

Isnt your wife a Fleet Marine? Why would you want to avoid them?

Fourth Order. Lawrence spat. They see us, and assuming they dont kill us out right, Id be executed for not having joined up or died fighting, and the boy, if he was lucky, would be drafted in to service. If they see that rifle, well certainly be executed, and my wife, if she isnt dead already, would be too. 

Bullies and cowards and politicians kids too scared to fight a real enemy, so they shoot unarmed humans instead to earn their lines. Daniel added.

Quiet. Your mother may have gotten away with that kind of talk in the barracks, but if the wrong people hear you say it, youll be put up against a wall and shot.

She said it at home too. Besides, theres nobody out here to hear it, Dad.

If she said that at home, then she trusted you were smart enough not to repeat it. Maybe it doesnt matter now, but if you make a habit of letting that kind of talk cross your lips, then one day its going to slip out at the wrong time. Now move. Keep the rifle, stay up front.

Lawrence turned back to Cuul You sure you want to come with us? I really wouldnt blame you if you wanted to be somewhere else. The Fourth Order may not bother you too much if youre not with us, but if you are

I would still be happy to join you.

I hate to presume, but does this mean?

Yes. I am traveling with you, and all that entails. Cuul replied.

Remind me to thank you, sometime when we dont need to be running.
