F.A.R.T | Welcome on board, now get out
TrueDankMemer
This is what happens when I have too much time on my hands. So many parts in so few days. I feel like I should sleep a bit more. But whatever. An extra long part since it could take a while until the next one pops up, but I hope you enjoy it (no combat yet though)

---

First part: https://www.reddit.com/r/HFY/comments/478zq8/oc_fart_1_teaser_maybe/

For all other parts (damn 11 parts already :D) check out my reddit profile or the bot in the comments.

---

Luckily, the ZB Jedinstvo was docked in the same harbour and it only took the fart a short flight with the shuttle to get there. It was a massive ship, its boxy shape alone basically shouting come fight me, and the two engine blocks it had mounted on the sides combined were almost as large as the rest of the ship. And on one of the engines it had nine straight white lines. Probably a kill count of some sorts. Many other ships had then, but the FART had never before seen one with more than five.

But the insides of the ship ended up looking relatively small compared to the exterior, it had massive armor and heavy iron carriers inside took up a lot of the space. Their shuttle landed inside the shuttle bay among dozens of others, let the FART get out, then flew away again. Inside the shuttle bay people seemed to have their hands full. Everywhere officers were either welding, screwing, or carrying supplies or tools somewhere, even whole crates of duct tape.

At first there was the general question whether anyone even noticed their arrival, but even before they made their own way an older gentleman with a long beard and an eyepatch showed up and greeted them.

Aaaah good morning people. He spoke with a heavy accent. He was wearing only a leather jacket, sweatpants, and a pair of black boots, but no shirt, so that a lot of his quite muscular body was revealed. It looked as it every captain or admiral used to be a bodybuilder of some sorts. Sorry I arrived this late, I was told I still had a couple minutes. But whatever, my name is Yuri Saitzev. Im the captain of this ship.

Good morning. Drake was the first one to reply. I believe you have been informed about our mission.

Yes yes. Admiral Gordon has been a good friend to me ever since operation Deep Fire. I am glad that we share common interests and can work together on this one. On paper at least. The captain spoke, turned around and then motioned the group to follow him. As far I have been told you will be staying with us for some time, so I figured it would be good to show you around the ship before captain duties take up my time.

I think so. Drake replied again and looked at his squad. None of them objected.

Alright. The captain led them a short way through the shuttle bay before turning to them. His smile from before now replaced by a serious expression. Just to clarify. I know absolutely nothing about a federation special unit that is fired at planets without any gear to enter sticky situation without being detected.

The FART and Vicy looked at each other then at the captain. Understood. It was Drake who spoke again. He othen took the lead when it came to speaking with anyone with a higher rank.

Good. the captain continued and led them to one of the shuttles in the bay. Since we dont have the equipment you people are used to I at least tried to use my connections to get you the best shuttle pilot the union has to offer. And he said absolutely fucking not. So I got Natasha. She is very good too. He slammed his first against the hull of one of the shuttles. Natasha ! Come out and greet your new customers!

The welding noise coming from inside the shuttle stopped and soon a woman in an overall and with a huge welding mask stepped out of it. The woman scanned the group, then spoke, her voice muffled by the mask. Rules! No smoking, no talking. Visit the restroom before getting on board. If you do this, then we should get along just fine.

Her accent wasnt as heavy as the captains but as soon she finished talking to the FART she turned to the captain and spoke to him in russian. Drake understood that she asked him to get to work again, and the captain allowed her to. Then the captain motioned the group to follow him again.

You have a really nice ship. Ghost said as the group entered an elevator.

Is it ? the captain asked sounding quite excited. The last of the T90-s. She is the oldest and heaviest ship in the union. But make no mistake. She is a beast. Only last month we took down a Wazib class dreadnaught without losing a single man. I admit we only rammed it, but we took it down.

40k chuckled. Destroyed is destroyed, isnt it ?

I had the nose strengthened just for this. The captain admitted proudly. We will depart to Mars in a few minutes. And I expect that we will arrive in about an hour. Until then I will show you the canteen and your rooms.

Alright. Drake said for the whole group.

The canteen is really nice. The captain began speaking. He was obviously very proud of his ship. I eat there myself most of the time.

The group walked through a series of dark hallways, all of them in a rusty iron color. But they held and in some distance they could see a group of men doing some kind of repairs on the pipes. As they entered one of the rooms, which turned out to be the canteen, they were all overwhelmed by the delicious smell. It was a place where old met modern. Rusty iron walls and pillars were surrounded by stainless steel tables and well illuminated.

Everyone on board has three meals a cycle. We dont care when you get them, but fingerprint scanners make sure you dont get more than three. The captain spoke, then pointed at a stand in one of the corners surrounded by a group of men. Over there you can get refills for your drinks. But each cup can only get three refills. We have water, coke, sprite, apple juice, and lemonade. The captain turned to the group. The lemonade is a hit. It is made fresh on board of the ship.

Niiiice. 40k brought out. Most of his attention was taken up by the counters where the food was presented. What do you guys serve here ?

We have a breakfast, mostly what you would get on Earth. Eggs, bacon, cornflakes or something. Toast.

Oh my god. 40 replied with his mouth already starting to water.

Lunch is different every day. The captain continued. Yesterday we had lasagna. It was so good I paid two of my men 100 credits to get their portion. And I wouldve gotten more if the cook hadnt kicked me out.

Oh my god. Now the rest of the FART replied. Every one of them felt their mouth watering.

Ehm, excuse me. Vicy began asking. Do you have anything vegan maybe ?

No. We only serve real food here. The captain replied, his expression stone cold.

Immediately the FART echoed out in laughter, Vicy only lowered her head and whispered something under her breath. The captain then led them out of the canteen and down another set of hallways.

Now I have only been told that the young miss would be joining us shortly before you arrived so we havent been able to prepare a room for her just like we did for you guys, the captain spoke on. While he was speaking a lot more than admiral Gordon, he got a lot of attention from the group following him. Anyways. She will have to stay with our swedish bikini models if that is fine for her.

What ?! 40k shouted out, then looked at the rest of his squad. No. She can get our room. We will gladly share it. Right boys ?

Ghost shrugged.

Im married. Drake added.

No way. Lemon replied with a cold tone.

The captain scanned them for a couple seconds, then smiled again. Good that you sorted that out. Now young miss.

Yes ? Vicy spoke from behind the group. The FART stepped aside so that the captain could see her. Then the captain pointed down a hallway to his right.

Go down here and take the first left. You should see where the swedish bikini models are. And please ignore the cameras, they are mine.

She looked at him for a second trying to judge whether he was joking or completely serious. But the thought that she could easily sue him if he was serious eased her thoughts a bit and she made her way.

Now gentlemen. The captain spoke on. Your room is down this hallway to the right. I hung up a sign for you so you shouldnt miss it. I have to get to the bridge now but I expect you to be ready for the mission in 30 minutes. Understood ?

Yes sir. The FART spoke out in unity, then made their own way.

---

Around half an hour later the FART and Vicy found themselves in the shuttle bay in front of their shuttle. They werent wearing their FART uniform like on their last mission, but clothing that looked a little less distinctive. All of them were wearing boots, then either jeans or khaki cargo pants, and then a jacket or vest of some sorts. Above it all of them had a kevlar vest with the word Police written in black on an orange square on the back of the vest. Even Vicy, who arrived a bit later, was wearing similar clothing. But instead of a black helmet like Drake and Ghost, she was wearing a baseball cap. But to the FART she looked like a completely different person from the Vicy they knew. Even a bit taller, but that was probably because of the boots. All of them were already armed, Lemon with the SRR as usual, Ghost had picked the M112 semi automatic sniper, Drake and 40k both had picked up the modified AK-12k they had picked up from the invisible dudes, and Vicy had a custom M4 juggernaut, a bullpup weapon with blue navy camo, red-dot sights, and a drum magazine. Something that made for a bit of a show as her weapon looked more badass than the FARTs weapons.

Vicy 40k said as he began scanning her You look nice.

She blushed slightly then looked down herslef. Eh, thanks. She replied as she looked at him with a smile.

Inside their shuttle something began to rustle and soon a blonde woman stepped out. The FART recognised her as Natasha, only that now she wasnt wearing a welding helmet, and that the upper half of her green overall was hanging down her waist. Below it she had a greasy white tank top. She still had a wrench in her hand as she scanned the commotion next to her vehicle.

So we going ? she asked the group.

Not yet. A voice behind the FART replied. As they turned around to see its source they saw a middle aged man approaching. He had short cut brown hair, was wearing an officers uniform, and held something that looked like a blanket in his arms. I am your operator for this mission. He clarified as he reached the group, then rolled the blanket open. As somehow expected it turned out to be a holographic projector. He kneeled next to it and turned it on.

The image it projected showed a large factory complex, surrounded by countless other factory complexes. The one in the middle was marked red though.

Good, lets start with the briefing. This is where you are going. The Xin Weixiao assembly complex. It was shut down some time ago, but the intel you brought us suggests that there is something going on there. This man was speaking fluently without any trace of an accent. To the FART it seemed as if he was a native english speaker.

We will be dropping you approximately 200 meters from the complex, from there you will have to work your way by foot. The holographic image showed 5 blue dots appearing and moving to the factory. We are working together with the local authorities and satellite feed is on, so that we can easily guide you to the path with the least resistance. Once you get to the complex your task is to get inside and gather any kind of intel you can get your hands on. But this is where the problem begins. The image zoomed in at the factory. Inside this building we are blind, so you will have to work on your own. We have a local SWAT team on standby in range but they are only your extraction in case something goes wrong. The image zoomed out and showed a couple green dots only one block from the factory. If everything goes right you are to get clear yourselves and the SWAT will enter the building to make arrests. Other than that you are free to act as you like.

Drake and his team scanned the map and thought about the information they just received. He then pointed at a tower from one of the nearby factories. Do we have access to this tower ?

The operator zoomed in on it and pressed a few buttons on the projector. Soon the tower began blinking in green. Now you have. He said, not a trace of emotion in his voice. Distraction or cover ? he asked Drake.

Probably both. He then turned to look each of his squadmates into the eyes. Ghost and Lemon, the two of you will take point in that tower, cover us, and distract the hostiles if we need it. Vicy, you and 40 will be coming with me inside the complex. I think that a smaller squad would be harder to spot inside a factory like this. Everyone nodded. Good, now check your gear. We are flying in one 30 seconds.

Just as he ordered the squad reloaded again and checked if they had everything they needed with them. While they were doing so the operator spoke again. Once on ground we will add sergeant Monroe to the channel. He is in charge of the SWAT team. We have negotiated a two hour window once you are on ground until the SWAT strike on their own.

Understood. Drake said trying to match his tone with that of the operator. Then he stood up and walked to the shuttle. Were going.

---

The street that Natasha picked to land turned out to be quite a busy one. Many transporters or trucks were driving in both directions, forcing the pilot to land a bit closer to the complex than intended, right in one dark side street, the type where one feared for his life a bit. But the FART feared nothing now. They were in full combat mode.

I will stay on standby for evac. Natasha shouted to the group as the side door of the shuttle closed. Drake had one final look back, then he turned and began walking towards the marker on his HUD.

Good morning gentlemen. A loud and many voice spoke through their channel. I am sergeant Monroe. Ive been told you will be our guys on the inside.

Positive. Drake replied.

I have to say your guys contacted us just in time. Only five minutes longer and we wouldve stormed the building the old fashioned way.

Why that ? Drake had to ask.

We got many reports about illegal activity inside. Trafficking. Mostly weapons and explosives, but also some life traffic we caught. Humanoids sold to the highest bidder. The sergeant obviously sounded disgusted. Why are you going inside ?

Its classified. Drake replied coldly.

But its pretty cool. 40k added earning a frown from his teammates.

Okay, I get it. Anyways, you better not try to be heroes once you are inside. Try to remain hidden but if someone shoots at you, shoot back. Most of these guys would get life in prison anyways. So dont try to be heroes.

Understood. Drake replied. He listened to the sergeant, but still had to think whether this was a proper job for a special unit.

And one more thing. My men will only jump in if you explicitly tell us to. I dont want to risk friendly fire. We are only there if shit goes down. And you better hope shit doesnt go down.

Dont worry. We are professionals. Drake said only to hear a chuckle from the other end.

Alright, whatever. I am still open if you have any questions, but until then Monroe out.

Just as the sergeant finished, the FART arrived at a crossing. Down one of the dark alleys they already saw their destination. It was an old rusty building, more of its windows were broken than intact, yet it reeked of something evil going on inside. It was massive, a large container park in front of it, and wide open area on the other three sides. They had picked this route on purpose so that they could use the containers as cover. And the alley to their right led somewhere else. Drake pointed in its direction.

Ghost, Lemon. Your job. Vicy and 40, on me.

---

For getting to the factory their street camo proved to be near perfect. They had met a couple of drunkards on their way, but those quickly ran as they saw the police insignia. At the point where they reached the containers they finally turned on the adaptive camo themselves. Drake also put on a mask, while 40k pulled a hood over his head, and Vicy pulled up a bandana to cover her face. Except for their eyes, they were near invisible now. With this camo they barely needed to watch their cover. The only things that could get dangerous were traps, and they kept an eye out for them, or enemies that got too close. But these could easily be found with the magnet scanner Drake and 40 had on their weapons. Just like some traps.

In some distance they saw movement, but as it turned out to be one lonely guard they kept walking. He wasnt even moving in their direction. And so, a lot sooner than expected, they reached the factory. Part of the plan they discussed inside the shuttle was that they find a way inside away from the tower where Lemon and Ghost were stationed, so that the two could lure enemies away from them if necessary. Still there was one thing Drake had to get off his chest.

Vicy. he whispered to her as they moved around the factory, searching for another entrance. This is your first mission right ?

Yes. Vicy replied. Drake didnt even need to look at her to sense how she was looking at him.

How was your score in the simulator ?

50.

Drake hesitated for a second, then continued walking. Wow, thats better than me. Anyways, real missions are completely different. So there is only one real rule. Don't do dumb shit.

What is dumb shit ? Vicy asked him curiously.

Anything that will get you killed.

At this Vicy only let out a silent oh.

Anyways, 40 and I have done this often. If we tell you not to do something, then you better listen.

Understood. Vicy replied. It seemed like Drakes emotionless tone was infective.

After another while of walking they finally found another door. And the best part was that there was nobody guarding it from the outside, and the magnet scanner showed no one on the inside either. Still they carefully entered the way each of them had been taught at the academy, Vicy only seeming a lot more serious about it that Drake or 40k.

Things inside looked quite a lot like outside. It reeked of something evil, the hallways were wet and rusty, and a lot of noise was coming from down one of them. A couple of stairs led upwards, but seemed way too rusty to be usable safely, so the group slowly walked in the direction of the noise.

Some meters later they stumbled inside a well illuminated part, still hidden behind a low wall they remained out of sight but kept moving. Magnetics showed a lot of commotion behind it, but here they finally found a set of stairs that looked better than the previous ones. Something told them that what they were looking for would be upstairs so they went on. Even if it wasn't there they could scan the area floor by floor a lot better than by scanning room by room.

As they walked up Vicy caught a glimpse of the commotion and poked the others to get their attention. The show was a large group of men gathered around some sort of stage. On it another man and in front of him two creatures tied up and on their knees, both looking like some sort of human alien hybrids. The man on stage put his shirt off and began talking to the crowd, but that was not what caught the FARTs attention. It was a tattoo this man had on his shoulder. The same one just like the invisible dude they caught. The symbol of the white faction. But as he talked it became even clearer that what was going on was an execution.

Monroe, Drake whispered into his headset. There is some sort of execution going on here.

Some time later Monroe replied. What ? Can you stop it ?

Too many of them.

God Monroe waited for a while. But take some pictures. With this evidence we can lock them up for good.

Vicy quickly pulled out a small camera and snapped a couple pictures just as the white faction member began slicing the prisoners throats. The image quickly becoming too much for her.

Were moving on. Drake ordered, and Vicy was glad to obey.

What is this factory ? Drake finally asked Monroe after a minute of climbing stairs in silence.

Eeeeh Monroe hesitated, it seemed as if he was checking it up himself. It is an assembly factory. Weixao had toys assembled here, then during the Eden revolution Nissan bought it and assembled their new line battleships here.

The HS Nismo maybe ? 40k asked. Drake and Vicy noticed that he had stopped some time ago and was looking at something in one of the large assembly halls.

Well no. Monroe said. The war ended just a day before the Nismo was finished so the government cancelled the order.

Vicy and Drake walked over to 40k and followed his gaze, only to see the almost empty hull of a battlecruiser with HS Nismo written in large red letter on its white hull, or the rest of it.

So they have been slaughtering the battleship ? Drake asked the group. He was just asking for another opinion maybe.

Would explain where they have been getting their explosives from. 40k answered.

But not the guns. Vicy added.

Well, I guess this isnt the only ship they have slaughtered. Drake said. But why all that ? That doesnt make any sense to be honest. What would the white faction do with these weapons ?

Not the weapons The money. Vicy said after a while of thinking.

Seems logical. Drake said after thinking himself, then he continued walking. Monroe, check out where the money this facility made went.

How the hell am I supposed to do that ? Monroe asked making Drake stop in his steps. Then he walked on.

Nothing, forget it.

---

It was something about climbing the stairs for ages that reminded Drake and 40k of their last mission. But finally they reached their end, and with it what seemed like their destination. It was an office of some kind, just as rusty and wet as the rest of the complex, but inside it were piles of paper and a computer. Besides them only one other guy was there but he was focused on the computer too much to notice the group enter. But he didnt even have any time to react since not even a second later he was on the ground with his hands zip-tied behind his back. His shouting was also muffled by a piece of cloth Vicy quickly stuffed in his mouth.

Drake pulled the man back up on his chair and pointed at him while looking at 40k. 40k smiled and pulled the man to him to begin his interrogation. Meanwhile Drake and Vicy both began scanning the computer and the documents. One taking pictured of each sheet of paper, the other one copying every file to a high powered flash drive. None of them felt like he needed to watch out for anything, something that proved to be a mistake.

---

Thanks for reading

    (^)