[OC] London Calling: Chapter 4
Dachande663
<-[[Previous](/r/HFY/comments/4c0xau/oc_london_calling_chapter_3/)]|||[[Original](/r/HFY/comments/4bjbi2/oc_london_calling/)]|||[[Next](/r/HFY/comments/4cfaft/oc_london_calling_chapter_5/)]->
-|-|-|-|-|-|-

Leaving Earths gravity was still a kick in the teeth. Like a bad-ex, she would hold onto you and shake you until your head rattled in the crash seat and your stomach threatened to release everything in it.

Do you still hate me? she said.

For the lying? The betrayal? Or all this? I said, waving my hands around.

We were the only passengers on board the dropship. The co-pilot had come down, made sure we were secure and then left us to enjoy each others company.

I took advantage of your trust. I know that and Im sorry.

I dont care about what people have done. She looked at me as I finished speaking but didnt try and cut in. I only care about if they make it right. Im not going to trust you ever again, I cant. But if you're honest with me, I'll do everything in my power to keep you safe.

It wasnt quite a smile, but I could see the relief in her face. Her hand found my own and I gave it a squeeze as the ship bucked.

First time in atmo? I said as the chop knocked the dropship about again and her hand tightened around mine.

There werent any portholes open for a milk run like this, the kind of journey the pilots would make a dozen times a day, so we were sat in the dimly-lit hold with just the walls to look at. The whole ship was vibrating so hard that when I looked at Hannah, her face seemed to blur before me. All things considered, it was a gentle flight compared to most Id been on. I could feel the air slip past the skin of the ship as the fusion engine pumped out thrust.

Hannah nodded and her hand dug into mine as we hit another pocket of bad air. Her face was as white as a sheet.

I still dont know anything about you, I said, getting her attention.

She looked across at me from her crash seat.  If she were a greenhorn Id have given her a round to chew on, oldest trick in the book to calm down rookies.

What do you want to know?

Youre an alien head doctor?

A xeno-psychologist.

And thats a thing?

Hannah closed her eyes as the world fell away and we became weightless. The pull of Earths gravity had gone a while back, replaced by the thrust of the engines. The eggheads said you couldnt tell the difference between a planets gravity well and the constant burn of an engine, but any grunt would tell you thats a lie. Hannah let her hands float up in front of her face and laughed.

Its totally a thing, she said, completely distracted by the new sensations. I always wanted to come up here.

You work with aliens and you never even left your own planet?

Until Them the closest we got were the Tunguska fossils. Most of my University years were spent debating theoretical models of how consciousness and rational thinking would translate across physiological and psychological analogues.

That sounds exasperating.

Its a boundless field, no idea was off the table and everything was up for grabs. I did my doctoral thesis on the likelihood of centralised-decision making in a non-hierarchical societal structure.

Pretend I flunked out of secondary school and lied on my application I said.

When we first pulled ourselves out of the mud, humanity settled into a tribal structure and that necessitated a hierarchical leadership. The elite ruling over the masses. But the Hour War reset a lot of those societal norms, its what lead to the rise of the communes and various collective farms and it represented a paradigm shift in social dynamics.

For the first time, large groups of people eschewed conventional structures and made consensus-based decisions using technology that just wasnt available to any generation before. This wasnt some dictator putting people to work in camps and calling them all equal. This was humanity achieving true mass-participation and despite my colleagues insistence that such experiments were doomed to failure the collectives are still going, stronger than ever.

Her face was alive. I wondered what classified intel she was sharing, but most of this was stuff theyd tried to teach us in school. As far as I was concerned if you wanted to live on a farm and cast a vote amongst thousands, go ahead. I served in the military, you got orders or gave them and either way you didnt have a say.

And you think the aliens will be the same?

Yes and no. It all ties in with the Lambert-Satoshi equivalence; for a species to leave their planet requires either incredible scientific curiosity or a dominant military crusade.

These guys are definitely not the first kind.

Again, dont rule it out. Remember that they are a collective themselves, one made up of numerous separate species that most likely do not even originate from the same system, let alone the same planet. For all we know there can be multiple factors at play that are masking the more recessive traits within each specific species make-up.

And the ones were looking to find, SS-3, you think theyre more open?

Their behaviour so far fits, so its the most logical postulate.

The radio clicked in our channel and I realised the pilots had been listening in the whole time. I could almost imagine their grins, the marine being schooled by the good doc.

Chiron is ten mikes out, the voice of the co-pilot said into our ears.

Hannah tried to look around, but the closest display merely showed a 2D approximation of our trajectory.

Hey jock boy, this rust bucket have a sun roof? I said.

The navy had a nice way of talking to itself, a kind of gutter language that left outsiders like Hannah looking at me as if I was an ill-mannered guest, but I could hear the pilot chuckling to himself as the co-pilot got back on the comm.

Aye Sir, he said.

I took Hannahs hand and unclipped her harness. Shed been issued a jumpsuit, same as mine when we left Holbeach and it was several sizes too big for her small frame. The sleeves had been rolled up until her hands poked through. I guided her up and out of the crash seat.

She was unsteady at first. The human mind expects an up and a down and suddenly something as simple as turning your body becomes a novel sensation when you realise you no longer have something to push against. I let her hang still in the middle of the cargo bay and her arms flailed ineffectually.

I drifted over and caught my foot in a stirrup designed to hold heavy payloads. I rotated her until she was looking up at the top of the cargo bay.

What are we? she said.

The maintenance shutters began rolling back, exposing the gel bubble that acted as the ships internal bladder. The gel was less than an inch thick, transparent, but it ran throughout the ship beneath the primary hull. If a micro-asteroid or an enemy round managed to puncture the ballistic armour on the outside, it would either lose it's energy in the gel layer or the hole behind it would fill up automatically, sealing the leak. It was the same kind of tech in our exo-suits.

Right now the gel afforded us a panoramic view out into space. The pilot was playing up to the VIP status of his guests and small jets of nitrogen put us on a slow roll. The stars began to tumble past and I felt Hannah grip my arm.

The Chiron was a beautiful ship and she hung motionless against the whirling mass of stars.

Hannah extended a hand outwards as if trying to touch her.

That's ours?

The Chiron. That there is one of the jewels in the UNNCs fleet. Top of the line Corona-class, latest gen. I took her outstretched hand and ran it along the ships belly, from stern to bow. Three independent Ramanujan engines can get her up to nearly ten percent luminal given a long enough burn. When they were testing her they kept on overshooting Mars because she made such a wake the decel-burn was cutting against a gee-shock.

She was enraptured and I felt like a teacher. I didnt know trig or the French for where is the discotheque? but when it came to machines of war, it was my domain.

She normally has a crew of twenty and were taking her out with less than half, itll be critical stations only. Enough hotbunks for a full platoon of marines but itll just be my team. And you.

Shes got a half dozen Skylakes in her belly, each one capable of cracking a capital ship in half, either ours or theirs. Then theres your normal PDCs, tight-beam masers and flechette mashers, and the ammo to run them for enough time to get us clear of anything. Her real tactical advantage though is her speed, but that doesnt mean shes lame in the paddock.

Thats an impressive piece of hardware, she said.

Thats home doc. Were gonna be on her for eight weeks out and however long it takes to come home.

Itll be longer on the way back?

I looked at her and realised for all the letters stuck on after her name, she had a very narrow view of what was important enough to bother learning about.

We can route around Saturn on the way out. The gravity will jump us another few percent and shave a chunk of time off. But the return leg is going to be under standard thrust, navy doesnt like running the engine hot unless they absolutely have to.

How long? she asked.

Four months, maybe more, added to the two outbound.

I didnt realise wed be gone so long.

Look at it this way, I said, nudging her towards a bulkhead where she could get a handhold and stop floating about like a rook. You get all the time you want to talk to your new friends, assuming theyre amicable, and when we get home itll be summer in the city.

She got one last look at the Chiron as we slipped under her belly and the pilot closed the blinds.

-x-

Eight men.

The main hanger of the Chiron was currently occupied by the two dropships registered to her, leaving only the edge for my first squad inspection. They were sat amongst a stack of equipment crates, laughing and catching up, but snapped to as I approached. We were under light acceleration as the Chiron shifted into a higher orbit ready to leave, giving some semblance of gravity.

Eight men. Two women, six men, some I recognised but others for whom this would be their first time serving with the squad. Solomon, Tan,  Peters, Emli and Hutch. We'd been together for a while.

At ease.

They fell back to their spots. The remaining three marines sat by themselves at the end. Two distinct groups between the vets who had taken the ship with me and the rookies, veterans of a dozen fights in their own right, but who werent part of the shared history. Id have to put a stop to it quick, integrate them all together.

Cap, scuttlebutt was you got booted after punching Old Man Oher, Emli said and she mimicked the action.

Nah, I heard it was because of that thing on the Mozzy

One more word Tan and Ill let your new squad mates know what happened with the gel pump on the Ichawo, I said and Tan shut his mouth. I know some of you were on leave when you get your orders and for that Im sorry.

They shifted, settling in ready for a briefing. You could always tell a good marine by how well they switched modes.

You are all now part of Operation Spoken Word. Comms are on the red-list only and youll receive the full mission pack when we get under thrust.

Highlights Sir? one of the newbies asked. I looked at her name tag, Kris, O+tW, Corporal. She had the edge you developed as a marine, the kind of mettle you can't teach.

Sometimes a civilian would scoff at the idea of a female marine going toe-to-toe with her fellow squad mates. Nowadays I didnt see male or female, black or white, only experience and effort.

It wasnt all hard work of course. Back when humanity was still fighting wars on the planets surface, the Southern Nations started pushing their soldiers, further than what exo-packs and stims could achieve. The Hour War put an end to the fighting, but the genetic alterations still existed in the men who served and survived on both sides. Nowadays youd be hard pushed to find a soldier who didnt have something in their genetic history. As long as it was below 49%, you could sign up.

A tW meant Kris was on the cusp of being over the limit. To me, that just meant she knew how to take a punch and keep on marching.

The enemy is preparing a second wave, I said and the smiling stopped. What weve been fighting against is just the advance fleet. The cavalry is coming and they are coming in force to wipe us out.

Naval Command is working on a plan to stop them but were the backup.

I looked at Hannah, standing to my side and shrinking by the minute under the watch of the assembled marines.

Command has intel suggesting we may be able to splinter the enemy forces. Our mission is to board an enemy craft and attempt to open a dialogue with them.

What?!

The collective voices rang out and Hannah shrank another foot into the deck.

This is a babysitting run for us. We are here strictly to support the Docs op and provide whatever assistance we can in ensuring the talks go off without a hitch. If it comes to throwing punches we are to turn tail and run.

I signed up to pull a trigger, not wag my tongue, Peters said.

You do enough of both, Solomon joked and the high spirits returned.

Enough chat. We break orbit in three hours. Emli, get the gear stowed. Tan, take Kris and the new kids and do a full sweep of the ship. Theyre flying light so any help you can give

The men snapped off salutes and fell out. Hannah stepped closer beside me and watched them begin to work.

Are they going to be alright? With the plan.

Theyre marines. Weve all done enough black-bag jobs to know not to question orders even when they dont make sense. Come on, Ill show you to your bunk.

Bunk?

I looked at her and shook my head again. I set off and she hurried to catch up.

Two dorms for enlisted, designed for hot-bunking but I guessed that wasnt your style, so Ive sectioned off the second one. Youll have it to yourself.

Thank you, she said. The relief was evident in her voice.

Chow is at seven point five, I said. Were on military time now, I suggest you get used to it. And dont miss the first meal, its bad luck.

-x-

And so the Captain is shouting down the commo at this two-star general while hes still pulling on his combat suit and the whole dome is starting to come down now.

And then what happened?

I could hear voices from the commissary, the kind that were happy and fresh. Hannah was there, sat in the middle of the long bench like the star of the party and Tan was regaling her with stories.

Well the Captain slips and his jack comes out and next thing you know, youve got the general staring through the Caps helmet cam at his stark naked bollocks. Were all just creasing with laugher and Ryerson dropped half a kilo of TET-9 and we just freeze.

Whos Ryerson?

Dead, Emli said.

I took that as my cue and entered. The men started to rise, Hannah wondering what the hell had happened to cause the commotion, but I waved them all back to their seats.

Way I remember that one, I said, you were still in your rack and fell out wearing the undershorts your girlfriend had sent you Tan.

Now Cap, please, not in front of our guest.

Youre right, the doc doesnt need to know you had a picture of your girl on your arse.

Tan groaned and received a clap on his back. I sat opposite Hannah and looked around. Ten of us. The ships crew would eat by themselves later, so for now it was just us, and custom dictated they had all waited until I got there.

Doctor, I said, keeping the edge out of my voice but not sounding too friendly either, would you like to eat.

Oh yeah, grub time, Solomon said. He was a young kid, always hungry for the next thing and he'd proved himself on multiple missions.

Hannah followed me up to the bank of food slots and frowned. Four columns, and all the choice in the world.

They cant eat until you decide, I said quietly behind her.

She quickly glanced back but the hyenas had decency enough to feign disinterest. They were mixing well, apparently Hannah had acted like an icebreaker and the stories were flowing already between the new and old members of the squad.

Hannah picked a broccoli and mash concoction and hit the magic button. I went for the beef wellington naturally. Id last maybe a month before I got sick of the taste. The units pinged and we removed the hot trays. Solomon was up before wed even sat down.

I think the machine is broken, Hannah said to a good chuckle around the table. She poked at the colourless mass.

This is high-dining, I said. Squad, whats your favourite flavour?

In unison they all cheered out grey.

We ate and we talked and soon we felt the engines hum to life, gravity kicking up a few notches, and we knew we were on our way towards an enemy most of us had only escaped by the skin of our teeth.

<-[[Previous](/r/HFY/comments/4c0xau/oc_london_calling_chapter_3/)]|||[[Original](/r/HFY/comments/4bjbi2/oc_london_calling/)]|||[[Next](/r/HFY/comments/4cfaft/oc_london_calling_chapter_5/)]->
-|-|-|-|-|-|-

-x-

NB: So, it's my birthday, yey! But it's also the start of DST, and I've spent most of the day demolishing a conservatory, and now I'm off out for a meal, which meant this chapter is a bit of a rush job and for that I'm sorry. Next chapter, things happen, I promise :)