The second Moon
Jimmy_Acha
I woke up at night. That rarely happens to me. But this time the moonlight was so bright, that the thin curtains were not able to block it. I looked out the window. There were surprisingly many people outside. Most of them were looking at the sky, pointing their fingers towards the side quite opposite to where the moon usually is at this stage. Many were lively discussing something.

I decided that I also must have a look, so I quickly got dressed and left the flat. The Moon was pretty much full that night, but I didnt waste my time and quickly directed my view towards where everybody was looking at. It was something weird. A big, bright circle, its size of about a quarter of the full Moon. Glowing like hell compared to the stars around it, completely outshining them, in fact. Nobody around knew what it was. We were all just standing and watching at it with amazement. None of us has ever seen such a significant change in something as stable as the night sky. But soon the glow began to faint, as the morning was coming. People slowly started returning to their homes. Most of them will have to go to work or to study in the morning.
 
When I came to the office the next day and checked the news website, I found out what that bright object was. It appeared to be Betelgeux, a huge star in the Milky Way galaxy. Scientists were waiting for it to explode for quite some time, and it finally happened. I didnt have time to read about this accident anymore, as had a lot of working tasks that day. When I came home in the evening, it was already dark, which meant that the glow of exploded Betelgeux was perfectly visible again. I decided to have a look at it once again, as according to the report Ive read in the morning, the glow will be best visible for no more than two weeks. 

So there I was, looking at this bright giant in the sky. I suddenly understood, that this is probably the most radical thing that ever happened in the lives of the people around, including myself. Generations before us havent experienced something as unique as this, and perhaps generations after us wont. Ive spent a few minutes more in the street, and decided to go back home, as I needed to go to bed earlier  tomorrows gonna be a difficult day at work. 