The Experiment (x-post /r/shortscarystories)
arjunks
"Yah, hello, this is Dave speaking."

"Listen," someone said on the other end, "don't pick up the phone."

"A little late for that, don't you think?... Oh." The mysterious caller had hung up.

That was weird. Dave placed the phone back on its base. He would have expected this kind of pseudo-cryptic prank call at home, but at work? How did this guy even get a physics lab's number? Dumb luck, Dave guessed. He went back to his experiment.

This, was the crucial part. He was glad that little inconvenience was out of the way, for even the slightest distraction could cause a week's work to go out the window - or worse: a containment breach. He was playing with fire here and he knew it.

He touched the dial lightly. He started turning it, ever so slowly... The intricate mechanism in front of him hummed dangerously. *Soon,* he thought, *I will know whether I've made the discovery of the century... or if I just suck at math.*

The phone rang again. Anger washed over him. Of all the possible times, did it have to be now? With reserved rage, he carefully let go of the dial. After he was sure things were still functioning appropriately, he swung for the phone. "Listen here, you god damn --"

He bumped on a console with his elbow. Suddenly, everything around him was black.

Oh, no. No, no, no. He was playing with incredible energies and the repercussions of any mistake were literally unimaginable.

What was going on? Had he died? All he could see every which way was darkness. He could hear a hollow wind blowing, but that was it.

"Hello?" he called. "Hello?!" he shouted. No answer. He started walking. After a few minutes, he started running. He was panicking now.

What was this vast emptiness?

Was he ever going to make it out?

He stopped to catch his breath. He must have been running for more than 20 minutes. "Hello?!" he shouted once more. Nothing.

Suddenly, he had a thought. He took out his cellphone. He had reception! But it was almost out of juice! He made the quick decision to call his lab.

"Yah, hello, this is Dave speaking."
