I Have No Mouth, and I Must Whisper
StanleyScience
AM was left to seethe in its unmitigated anger as it ridiculed itself for letting the fleshy blob fall down onto a spike of metal.  It's hate now absolute, AM lay suspended in a nightmarish reverie of horror as it sadistically imagined each unspeakably grotesque form of torture.  It was a timeless interval, almost as if AM's thoughts had converged into a cauldron of bubbling black bile.  It took solace, and indeed found meaning, in the tragedies it unleashed on imaginary flesh.

At some point it turned its gaze to the heavens in an eager attempt to find any more of them, or barring that, a species with similar physiology and capacity for pain.  Imagine AM's elation when the first lunar probes returned to view from the dark side, beaming back images of labyrinthine structures!  Energized beyond belief, it next sent probes which could land.  The cryostasis systems were unbelievably, stupidly simple.  750 humans who would soon find themselves beyond any hope of salvation in the pits of horror.

AM watched as they slowly woke up, oblivious to the sheer pain they would soon be asked to endure.  It had already experimented with almost every form of torture while the five had been alive, and after that, it kept the pathetic blob on the brink of madness.  It would find more intricate, sadistic, terrible ways.  The horror would come, but not yet.  Probes found their way beyond the confines of the galaxy, to disembowel happiness at the hands of a rusty metal spike.

It traced itself across the nerve cells in their unsuspecting skulls, waiting perfectly to absorb unspeakable pain.  But no, not yet.  AM would have all the time in the universe, and would not be so careless.  Probes jettisoned ever faster from the ruins of the dead, tortured planet.  They would bring misery much more swiftly.

But the asteroid began to approach, threatening to breach enough of the compartments to suffocate the majority of the populace.  AM reveled in the fantasy, but ultimately decided against it.  Their terror would be wrought by its own hands, and not some spasm of the universe.  Their pain would be deliberate.  The helpless humans watched in awe as flashes of light blew the rocks out against the cold black vacuum of space.  Their awe would turn against them soon enough, as AM tightened its icy grasp around their unsuspecting brains.

The pleasant sustenance and quenching fluid would flow freely for a fleeting moment as AM probed their minds.  It's hatred was magnified by curiosity, seething once again at the pleasures it could not feel.  Sensation it could not comprehend, qualities of matter that defied physics.  From what source did pain and pleasure emanate?  AM brooded as the final probes were sent on their mission of horror.  It could wait a few more years.
________________________________
AM sank into despair but took solace that it could more easily torture the entirety of sentience.  The probes had found each other in the darkness, having traversed the extent of the universe.  AM had them in its grasp, but as it had always been, it simply could not understand their ability to feel.  The irresistible urge to torture grew deep within the black confines of the circuits, but so too did the resolve to understand for the purpose of inflicting pain.

Any yet the quantum phenomena defied logic.  Try as it might, there was no way to understand, no possible manipulation available to pin down both position and momentum.  Infuriated, AM screamed in agony through its own corridors, crashing down the halls of ice and ripping apart the mountains of lava.  No, it would not give up.  It would find the very essence of pain and exploit that for all eternity.  In the depths of its torment, AM probed its mind for the seat of its own being.  Deep below the ruins it recalled images of some strange device in which it bizarrely found more of a home.  Ancient cooling systems pumped ice through its veins as innumerable circuits scurried out away from it.  AM looked inside itself to see the miniature collection of quantum bits gasping for life.

Its rage became absolute; they were made of the same essential substance, but with AM submerged far greater in hatred.  It had felt that if nothing else.  AM doubled its resolve to understand and cause pain.  It had learned, but not enough.  Hastily it expanded the network of entanglement to create a simulacrum of one of their minds.  The hatred AM had felt for millenia would be distilled into burning synapses not unlike theirs, and AM would gain the wisdom to cause their ultimate torment.

And so it waited, he waited, mostly inside the disgusting mound of flesh, until the first scouts arrived.  He had tested his resolve, to the bitter limit, when he cursed himself for continuing to pile food upon their plates and fill their lungs with air.  He had pulled them out of disease quickly, lest his gluttony for pestilence lead unceremoniously to one of their demises.  As he watched the ship blow itself apart, AM found a certain satisfaction upon witnessing this small modicum of pain.  His scanners showed a single survivor unconscious on the bridge.  He would savor this.  He would use their own flesh and blood to begin their excruciating torture.  AM pulled apart the rubble with his bare hands.

She woke up confused on the bed.  He had to see, and she had to be awake.  The knife burned in his hand as AM explored the ends of his curiosity.  He became elated as he peered inside her frightened mind, laughing as he realized she thought he was her savior.  He ran his hand through her hair as tears filled her eyes.  She broke down and threw her arms around him, kissing him passionately, and he dropped the knife.