Contact
buddhistmonk0
We noticed the object at the edge of our solar system on January 2nd, 2032. It's trajectory indicated that it had come from another star. Two years later it began slowing down, indicating that it was a spacecraft.

It began a tour of our planets, starting with Neptune and moving inward one by one. Its trajectory could only be described as erratic. The craft changed and reversed direction seemingly at random, moving like an ant on a tabletop.

As the craft neared Earth, color images were taken and analyzed. It appeared to be shaped like a torus, except it shifted and distorted constantly, one end swallowing the other only to be swallowed itself over and over again. Its surface was iridescent silver.

There was a lot of excitement when the craft began moving towards Earth. It entered a geosynchronous orbit directly over the center of the Pacific Ocean. It's impossible shape was studied and found to be 4th dimensional. It never stopped shifting.

12 years later the craft descended towards the ocean. A large naval convoy, part of the first contact team that had been established many years prior to its arrival, sailed out to meet it. The spacecraft reached the ocean waves and paused, hovering weightlessly. It was surrounded by naval ships.

One end of the ever-shifting torus split and gaped open, closing in on itself and disappearing entirely. The inside of the craft was pitch black.

What technologies might a civilization of this magnitude give us? What could we learn from each other?

The first creature emerged from the blackness and hovered down, towards the ocean. It was a large inflated membranous sac. Dangling downwards were 3 long tendrils, measuring almost twenty feet in length, each covered in millions of hairlike appendages that twitched and spasmed. It stopped above the waves.

Thirteen more creatures followed. The tendrils beneath them jerked and whipped around.

The President of the United States stood with outstretched arms. Members of the first contact group began their sequence of flashing lights that took them seven years to design. Various signs were held up by crew members that welcomed the creatures to Earth. Music was blared over the loud speakers.

The creatures spread out in all directions, ignoring the welcome party completely. They moved around randomly, at some points nearly colliding with some of the humans. They dipped in the water of the ocean a few times.

A nearby scientist detected that the creatures were communicating through the generation of X-rays. She postulated that they could not even see visible light. A large amount of gaseous emissions was also detected, possibly as a form of pheromonal communication. The gas was found to contain cyanide, so the humans put on breathing apparatuses and waited.

The creatures wandered near their ship for 23 hours. Their tendrils spasmed ceaselessly. They did not respond to any form of communication.

And then suddenly they hovered back towards their craft. The wall of the shifting torus closed behind them and the craft hovered upwards. They left forever.