To the ends of the world: Part 2
StanleyScience
Jerry sat in his old wooden chair as his eyes followed the ships traversing the atmosphere beyond his blinds.  Although he would have liked to take in the view without interruption, it was almost midday and the light would have blinded him.  He rubbed his arm where he had bumped into a counter in his suite at the home.

The knock came on the door.  Paul was a technician who had become celebrated around the extraction center for his charm.  They would always try to send him out to those who were being stubborn, in order to ease the process.

"Come in." Jerry said matter-of-factly.  Paul closed the door softly beside him.  "I'm hard of hearing in my left ear."  Paul came around to his right side and knelt down.

Jerry motioned toward the couch directly under the window.  "Sit."  Jerry set down his glass and studied Paul's face.  "You know, they could have disciplined me if they knew I had this."  Paul leaned forward as Jerry tipped his glass towards him.  "But I suppose juice and wine are close enough."  Jerry raised his glance back up to Paul.  "Speak."

"Yes sir."  Paul placed his hands in his lap and put on his warm, disarming smile.  "Have they told you why I am here?"

"The staff explained the extraction process."  Jerry eyed the wafers next to his glass.  "But I didn't know they'd send someone else first."

"The extraction center wanted me to talk with you, to make the transition easier."

Jerry chewed slowly on the wafer as he inhaled through his nose.  "Oh."

Paul continued.  "Have you had a chance to discuss the process with your family and friends?"

Jerry chuckled.  "Have I ever!"  He leaned back.  "My granddaughter left about 20 minutes ago."

"How do you feel about it?"

"I don't want it."

Paul leaned back and studied Jerry as well.  "What part of it do you feel most uneasy about?"

Jerry coughed and cleared his through.  "The whole thing."

"I can assure you that it will be fast and painless."

"No it won't."

"Why?"

Jerry continued calmly.  "Because it's my decision.  My body.  My last bit of humanity."  He motioned to his chest.  "They sewed this into me.  Said it would make me feel better.  Said I was too much of an asset to society, that my memories would help build a better future."  Paul had already known about Jerry's artificial heart.  "Look at that microwave," Jerry pointed.  "The shielding is broken off, and one time it took down the wireless on this entire floor."  Jerry motioned again to his chest.  "Even at half-power they say it almost toasted this thing."

"I believe that you are an asset, sir," Paul tried to redirect him.

"I know," Jerry sighed.  "I just wish you could retrieve all of my memories without trapping my consciousness inside a computer."

Paul explained, though he knew that Jerry had heard this before.  "The simple fact is that we can't.  Not with our current technology.  Your consciousness is integral to your memories.  It has to be with your memories for us to use them."

"What will you learn?"

Paul thought for a moment.  "Many things, sir.  How the geopolitical climate of the middle 21st century led to the Planet-Cracking War.  How the clash between science and religion played out across Earth."  He paused briefly.  "Even the history of the founding of this colony."

Jerry dropped his gaze slightly and reiterated, "I wish you could have just taken the memories only."

"I know.  Our scientists had worked on that for years.  There was simply no way to access them without your consciousness as well."

"But I don't want to live inside a computer forever."

"Why?"

"Because it isn't part of my life."  Paul began to speak, but Jerry continued.  "My life had meaning because it would end."  His gaze was centered squarely on Paul.  "I thought I would face death, and now I would like to honor those memories."

"Let me ask you a question," Paul offered.  "What does your family think?"

"They want me to do it," Jerry said unquestioningly.  "They want me to hang around forever."

"Do you think it could help them?"

"No."  Paul was taken aback as Jerry cleared his throat again.  "No, I have helped them already."  He continued after a moment of silence.  "I want to give them what they need."

"And what is that?"

"Their freedom and mine."  Confusion was evident on Paul's face.  "I want them to lead their lives, however they will, and not be some bit of code in a mainframe that they obsess over."  Jerry thought for a moment, "when did you appreciate something that you knew would end?"

He had forced Paul to answer.  "When I was engaged to my wife," Paul brought up, "before we were married."

"Tell me about it."

"I loved to see her that happy."  Jerry sensed Paul's distress and softened his expression, but he couldn't stop Paul's confession.  "She suffocated to death in a gas leak two months later."

"I am sorry for your loss."

Tears began to well in Paul's eyes, and he could think less and less of what to say.
_________________________
Several minutes later they shook hands and Paul turned to go.  "How much time do I have?"

"I'm not supposed to say," Paul tried desperately to smile at his friend.  "But I would guess about 25 minutes."  Jerry raised his eyebrows while they watched each other intently.

"Hmm, not much time before the end of my world."

"I don't want you to go," Paul stood motionless.

Jerry nodded, and eventually Paul closed the door behind him.  As Paul made his way out of the building, he checked his phone.  The wireless was gone.