For my best friends.
PunchMeat
It is cold and something is beeping.

I yawn, a good long one, and a squeak comes out of my mouth just before I clamp shut.

A light on the console in front of me flashes, first grey, then a lighter grey. There is a hissing sound and I feel warm air rushing toward me, like it is summer and my head is out the window of my best friend Pauls car. I close my eyes and sniff. Soon, it is not so cold anymore.

There is a big grey button in front of me and I paw at it. This makes the small TV flicker to life, and though the edges are frosted from the cold, I can still see the faces of my best friend Lisa and my best friend Steve, and behind them are many more of my best friends. They are wearing their big white coats. They look at me and clap.

Murphy! Youre awake! Lisa says. Whos a good boy?

Rrr-arf! I say, which means, I am.

I am so happy to hear her voice that my tail wags. My body wants to wag with it, but I am still strapped into my harness so it just shakes a little instead.

There is a long pause before Lisa speaks again. Murphy, were just going to check your vital signs, heart rate, all that fun stuff, okay?

I yap once for yes.

A band around my leg tightens and pulses. There is a pinch in my other leg and I can see my grey blood being drawn through a tube. I paddle my other legs in front of me because it is fun.

My best friend Lisa looks at a screen and says some words to my best friend Steve, and then they all smile and cheer and hug. Everything's perfect, Murphy! Lisa says. Youre awake and 100%.

My tail wags because I am happy that they are happy.

Your blood pressures a little low, but thats okay. I guess thats to be expected considering how little your heart has been doing over the last six years.

Wow! Have I really been asleep for forty-two years?

Its good to know, though. We can adjust for that. She makes scribbles on a page. You want a treat boy? Huh? A treat?!

I yap once for yes, but then keep yapping because I am so excited.

Despite the extra yaps, Lisa understands. She presses a button, and soon after a tray opens in front of me with a piece of jerky inside. I lean my head forward and eat it.

Now, to celebrate, we brought someone special here to see you, Lisa says.

She slides over as a best friend walks onto the screen. At first I think its just a new best friend, but then I realize it is my oldest best friend Tommy!

Hi Murphy, he says.

I am so happy I am so happy I am so happy.

Geez, look at you. You look... the same, Tommy says. He is much taller than I remember, though not yet as tall as my best friend Paul. But in my head he still smells the same. Can I pet him? he asks Lisa. She gives him a remote and he presses a button.

I feel him scratching behind my ear! Although I know he is far away and it is a machine scratching me, I imagine it is his hand and my tail wags.

He smiles. Im so proud of you boy! he says. Do you know where you are?

I yap twice.

Youre about to leave the solar system! Thats the furthest any living thing from Earth has ever traveled!

I dont know what that means, but he says it so happily that it makes me happy.

He is smiling but he sniffles and I see his eyes are shiny. I just want you to know how much I miss you, Murphy. And I, I--

He stops because he is crying. I wish I could nuzzle him and put my paw around him and lick the tears off of his face. Instead my best friend Lisa takes his head on her shoulder, but she does not lick away his tears.

I love you boy, is all he says. And he smiles.

Rrr-arf! I say, which means, I love you, too.

Okay Murphy, were gonna let you go now, my best friend Lisa says. Youve still got a long way to go before Alpha Centurai, so well put you back to sleep. Well check in periodically, though. Itll take a few minutes for the stasis to kick in, so in the meantime, you just enjoy the ride.

She waves goodbye. My other best friends wave goodbye, too, and then Steve presses a button and they all disappear.

There is a beeping noise, and the cold air rushes toward me. I feel like I am in my best friend Pauls car again, except it is winter now. My oldest best friend Tommy is in the back with me. We both have our heads out the window.

My tail wags.

In a way, I am in a car now. It has a seat like a car, and belts like a car, and a big window like a car. The window does not open, but I can see through it.

It is night time. There are tiny lights everywhere. They remind me of the fireflies I saw on walks with my best friend Tommy. He put some in a jar once, but now there are so many and they are so far away that I do not think Tommy could ever catch them all. 

I know I am far away. I do not think I will ever find my way home again, no matter how much I sniff. But I am doing what my best friends want, and that makes me happy.

I love my best friends. Maybe Ill find new best friends soon?