To the ends of the world: Part 3
StanleyScience
The creatinine was building up in his blood, which implied his kidneys were shutting down.  Or so they said.  Julian continued to zig-zag up the face of the mountain.  One good thing about mountain climbing, he had read, was that you could change your angle of ascent so you could work harder or slack off.  Or maybe it was his great-grandfather who had told him that?  He was out of breath again.

This was his last day.  Before his mind would be permanently embedded within the fabric of the supercomputers deep below the planet's surface.  His parents and teachers, as well as government officials, had told him that human bodies were frail.  That the removal of selection pressure had greatly magnified that frailty.  And at some point everyone would have to have their quantum particles plugged into the machines.

Julian looked up as he put his hands on his back.  500, maybe 600 feet to the summit?  He turned around.  It really was beautiful; despite the government's plan to build more domes, this was the only one which was built.  Computers don't need an atmosphere.  Everything is simulated inside of them.  He squinted his eyes as the sunlight lit up the support structure of the dome.  He'd never seen it like this before.  It was beautiful.

The mountain didn't have trees, only small shrubs and grass.  Julian liked the view better that way.  He decided to quicken his ascent and almost had to support himself with his hands as he climbed up the granite slabs.  Julian needed the light to find his way to the summit, but wanted it gone when he reached the top.  His foot caught in a small crevice.  He fell forward, but his hands caught him.  Julian continued at the same pace.

They monitored your blood every day.  No need to draw it into a tube, just shine lights through the tip of a finger and use what comes out to calculate how many cells and toxins there are.  Julian had heard about the controversy that erupted each time the government lowered the "insertion age".  Plugging in old people on the verge of death to save their minds was one thing.  Some said everyone would benefit from living in the simulated reality inside the machines.  They said an entire planet was there, replete with forests and oceans and waterfalls.  Julian enjoyed the glimpses they let the kids have of the simWorld, but he knew it wasn't real.

It wasn't so much a certain age they used to force you into the simWorld, but usually a certain medical problem.  Julian used to believe that the problems were natural, though now he wasn't sure if the government didn't intentionally damage their bodies.  Although it didn't matter now.  He was 16, and so was one of the oldest kids not "inside" yet.

At last the summit came into view as the sunlight had almost completely faded from the dome.  The artificial lights did, however, light up some of the supports of the structure close to the ground.  The iridescent blue spikes reaching toward the zenith were beautiful as well.  Julian's palms and knees were dirty and bruised and his sweat had run into his eyes.  It felt good to lie on his back.  The stars were breathtaking.

They gave everyone one last day before being hooked up.  When the creatinine rose too high, or the joints became too stiff, or the body didn't grow high enough or gain enough weight.  When there supposedly would be danger that the mind would be affected.  Most chose to try all of the delicious, unhealthy food that they had never been allowed to eat.  Some chose to take a cruise around the planet.  Julian had really wanted to do that, but in the end was happy he chose to hike to the summit of the mountain encased by the dome.

He still had no idea how they let him do it.  They must be watching him; surely the dome had thousands of cameras monitoring everything beneath it?  Perhaps they would have scooped him up with some invisible net the moment he lost his grip.  But he didn't really care.  It was enough for him to be at the ends of the world.