The Tournament
StanleyScience
The Citadel had won, but that had been 80 years ago.  Every year since then, the Tournament had showcased their brutality and absolute power while inside the lavish city, basic necessities were taken for granted.  Jewelry and wealth were sometimes flaunted, although there was little point due to their ubiquity.  But despite all of their other excesses, an abundance of time was the most maddening.

What was left to do?  The Tournament hardly lasted a week.  To be sure, the selection and training process was hyped beyond imagination and the show really was spectacular, but it was...old.  Every manner of death, whether borne from necessity or sadism, had been seen.  Over and over again.

But they had to be kept in line, President Crisp was convinced.  Sitting alone in his office of almost unimaginable proportions, he picked up his granddaughter's drawing.  Another participant being stabbed to death, blood gushing out in crude red crayon strokes.  Crisp sighed and set it back down.

In his youth he had been ruthless, using any and all tactics to massacre his way to the top of the Citadel's plutocracy.  Now enjoying absolute power, Crisp's ability to wield fear was just as complete.  And yet...what was the point?  Slowly he became mired in a nostalgic reverie of his youth.  He had always been interested in the nighttime sky.
______________________________
He knew the teachers weren't to blame, although they were just as stupid.  Over several weeks, Crisp's idle curiosity came to fruition as a basic training program in the sciences.  Or what little he (and everyone else) knew of them.  No one, it seemed, could even manually operate household appliances.  They needed people more desperate, more technical, who hadn't become soft throughout the immense pleasures of life.

Of course many in the plutocracy denounced the large number of Outlanders working within the Citadel's walls, but deep down just as many were curious from the novelty.  More vehement outcry occurred when the military grew tired of enforcing the segregation, but in the end the citizens became fascinated with the visitors.  And frequently they began paying them, under the table, in return for lessons for the boring science classes.

Eventually more disparate professions were pulled in towards the Citadel, and the closer relationship between citizens and those on work permits finally produced an outcry which ended the Tournament.  But by that time almost no one was disappointed; many more were enthralled with the prospect of reaching the stars.

The time came when President Crisp was forced to appoint a successor, but by then the Citadel had become a radically different place.  In fact, he struggled to understand all of the different organizations working together, and he was dumbfounded by the complexity.  Realizing he simply had no idea, he decided to make use of the incredible brain power of every person within the Citadel's walls instead.  The first free elections in possibly a century were held as Crisp turned his gaze to the stars.