The collapse
StanleyScience
Emperor Peter the Third reclined in one of the plush royal chairs by his bed.  This would be it!  In a few short hours he would be ruler of not only the known universe, but every universe.  It had been a vicious fight, since most of the more similar universes had put up an almost equal effort.  But Peter (him, not the other Peters) and his empire had edged them out.  He slowly sank back into a glorious reverie before the urgent knock on his door snapped him back to reality.

Annoyed, he grudgingly answered the door himself as he had never liked to sleep with his royal guards in the room.  He pulled back the heavy oak panels to reveal an unfamiliar man who was visibly upset.  Annoyance turned to anger as Peter sought the reason why his guards had let in a stranger.  He had issued orders to only be disturbed by a Duke or someone of a higher rank.  Peter appreciated sweat across the man's face.  Wait, perhaps he was a scout?

"Speak quickly, I command you!"  Peter glared at the man.

"Yes your leadership!  I must inform you concerning the invasion tomorrow!"  The urgency in the man's voice was palpable, but now Peter was slightly confused.  Had they not been planning and conducting invasions for years?  They only had to do it one more time, and fortunately they were up against one of the less-developed civilizations.  "Sir, we will surely perish!"

Peter's anger boiled over as he realized his guards had let through a mad-man.  As he ordered them to imprison the man so that he could be executed that day, his pleading filled the royal hall.  "The wave-functions, they'll completely collapse!"
_______________________
Peter took his place on the grand throne as he and his royal advisers, generals, and those fellow nobleman of exceptionally high rank viewed the main screen showing his armies positioned directly in front of the portal.  He had meant to execute the man, apparently an engineer of some note, at dawn.  However, the invasion had required more attention and so Peter had issued a stay of execution until that evening.  Now he looked on in absolute arrogance as their final enemy would soon be vanquished.

The portal was activated, and quantum information began to be exchanged throughout their universes.  Unfortunately they were now in a state of dependency on each other.  The momentum and position of every particle, subatomic and macroscopic, became completely deterministic.  Free will, and consciousness itself, had been squeezed out of existence.