The Killer Point
StanleyScience
It had been a very controversial idea. It even sounded scary. "The Killer Point"!?  Initially the public was confused with the simplified explanations which emanated from the major news outlets.  Only a few of them understood the true implications, not the least of which was the University of Texas professor who developed the theory and coined the term.  Although terrorists had mainly taken the center stage in the world's fearful considerations, you would hear about them from time-to-time: serial killers.

That wasn't to say that attempts to reach and reform them hadn't been tried before.  Maybe some of the psychiatrists of yesteryear had reached them, and possibly subdued them.  But just as the advent of penicillin radically changed the outlook of bacterial infections, so too did the cheaper, commodity scanners change the prospects for would-be killers.

They had tried genetic analysis, but it never predicted a person's emotional and moral trajectories with any adequacy.  The psyche, and it's substrate the brain, were what really counted, but the old MRI machines, even the functional MRIs, simply did not have enough resolution.  Nowhere near enough.

But the taming of quantum phenomena allowed unprecedented examination of the brain.  Voltages of neurons could be pinned down to millivolts, even between patches of cell membrane only nanometers apart.  It was incredible!  Brain mapping and "psyche spelunking" exploded, landmark studies were published, and the public was forced to come to grips with some of the realities present in the human mind.

The professor's project had dealt with the killers who survived their attacks.  Some, even most, entered the scanners voluntarily.  Out-of-place neurons and neural circuits were identified, and the reasons for the fractured psyche were elucidated.  They had done it, and now they could predict and screen.

Initially the would-be killers, or "positives", we're simply quarantined, but eventually efforts turned toward reforming them.  Equipped with the knowledge gained from looking into countless minds, interventions were staged.  They were re-socialized, or "resocked", until they were no longer considered serious threats. Some, it turned out, were even beneficial to society.  Idiosyncrasies, which unguided would lead down an abominable path, were steered toward self-expression, creativity and eventually, love.  A decade after the first individuals were identified, some began to become artists, office workers and clerks.  After much hesitation and questioning of the absolute largest impact the interventions could have, some even formed normal, stable and loving relationships.  Some became loving fathers and mothers, politicians and even spiritual leaders.

Society, with its technological prowess, had eclipsed the Killer Point.  Now these individuals had been compensated and turned toward good, and were making worthwhile contributions.  But what point would they find next?