Away Yet Wanted
Sebastian2203
He walks trough the sand, miles and miles of sand.
His canteen empties and refills dozens times as he hits river few times.
Night constantly replacing the day and vice versa, he never grows tired.

Dusty AK-406 on his back, few ammo drums in the pack.
Traveling so long his mouth breeds a beard.
Living away so much, he has become a self social being. 
He has learned to live without a society, because he found a society of his own inside him.
He is annoying, source of inspiration, friend and enemy all at once.
Last time an argument happened, because he ate way more boiled eggs than was the self-imposed limit, he punished himself by doing a bunch of push-ups, a lot of them at least few hundred dozens.
Respecting the food usage limit is important in the wilderness, hunting does not always pay off and the food sources are not infinite.

He has not seen a human face... Other human face, he still has a mirror around so he can know how would a potential human hostile look like.
Last time he met someone bi-pedal, was at least thousand days ago.
He remembers he fired off a few shots and then the person retreated.

He does not want a company, he was declared a criminal by his own people years ago.
He sometimes wonders if people out there are still searching, wanting him dead for his own ideas ideologies. Which do not matter now, it is so long ago that he doesnt even want to return. He has grown accustomed to this life. Nobody can preach here, nobody can argue with him. Everything is fine here.

One day, he has woken up from his usual sleeping place on the tree. He has awoken to sound of a footsteps, a human, maybe animal. 
He takes out his rifle and readies it, ready to pull the trigger. Aiming at the source of the sound. The steps sound like hundreds of people. They probably sent an army after him.
He does not even think and already does it, jumps out of the tree in a safe-fast fashion and sets out sprinting the other direction. Nobody will try to hunt a hunter in his turf. He is not ready to flee, it is just strategic retreat.

After few moments of sprinting, he uses his ears to know more about the enemy, the fact that he can hear several bushes getting rammed over concerns him, it might be a tank or some hover-craft sweeping trough the forest. 

He keeps sprinting, his breath is not out yet. But they keep chasing him, whatever is it.
He takes a cover behind a tree, he is going to end it or they will end it with him.
Assuming he can head shot the first one who appears out of the bushes, he can scare them and use the moment of surprise, maybe flank them. But it just repeating of a tactics that he didnt use since he left special police forces. 

As he waits with his gun-sights ready, a creature with four eyes tall eight legs comes into his vision, as if steam-rolling nearby bush and screaming a strange sound.
In a shock and confusion, he shoots a burst. Months old chamber mixes with dust and releases a bit of firepower trucking the bug onto the ground. 

He knows something is not right, he must flee, he must sprint more. This is not right.
After minutes of sprinting, he decides to hide into a very tall tree, climbing with adrenaline in his blood that he did not had for so long he climbs up quite fast.
A fear pops up, maybe something went very wrong.. 
He sees thousands of arachnids walking past his tree, not noticing him above.
They ram every small tree, eat small bush. Devour every animal.
Whatever is happening at this planet, humans probably need a helping hand...