War Planet: Part 1
Gallifreyggle
There was a star in the East, a light that signaled the end of tyranny. A shepherd boy stood watch as his sheep crowded around his dim lamp under the blanket of the starry night sky. The star light seemed to punctuate the darkness, a beacon calling him to journey East. Despite the compulsion he remained ever so cautious with his flock, wondering what message the heavens conveyed with such a wonder.
Stacia looked out into the void of space as their ship raced away from the detonated star. She was uneasy, her stomach was in knots as she considered the improbability of success. She looked at Webb and asked, How much time do you think we have?
A few weeks at most. The star should be easy to see from the planet, signaling our comrades to begin their journey where we will induce labor and meet them.
Webb stared into the abyss. He was uncertain of his and Stacias fate as defectors of the Galaris government. A few years ago they had fallen madly in love and quickly married. She withheld the family secret from him for years until only recently when he began to ask for an heir. In the end, his love for her won. He decided he would follow her through whatever tribunals, threats, or punishments they would face. His devotion superseded his desires for family, position, or even their own personal safety. Webb motioned towards Stacia to review the incoming message from the comrades on the ground. It read, Joseph received our message. We portrayed ourselves as Angels and he worshipped us. He is a devout man and believed it to be divine. Furthermore, the implantation was a success with limited scarring. We do not suspect any interference going forward. We have received your beacon and have mobilized to travel East. We will see you in a few days. May peace be with you on your journey. The Galaris Trio
Stacia calmed her nerves remembering her fathers words, Humans are built to hope, to believe in a greater good that connects them all. Religion is not enough. We need someone that can embody the peace that the Talaverian War has taken from the Galaris and the Tarini. We need someone to stop the cultural evolution of war and destruction that our people, the Galaris, hope to breed on Earth.
She needed to cling to the hope of her father and the strength of her husband. Webb was in line to succeed her father as captain of the Galaris Starfleet and was the second son of The Royal HighPriest, the highest ranking official in Galaris. His high rank and status would surely be used against them if they learned of their interference with official Galaris military business. Webb had much to lose in this endeavor but was passionately loyal to Stacia. On the other hand, Stacia was used to the secrets and living a double life. For much of her childhood, her father was a high ranking military official who sponsored Tarini massacres by day while secretly planning peace keeping missions to help the wounded and displaced Tarini. He was a man of peace and believed a single devoted person could make a difference in the World. She, his only child, would also spend her life dedicated to secretly sponsoring peace missions between the Galaris and Tarini including this plan concocted shortly after her marriage. The Galaris had launched project War Planet. Theyd been growing an army on Earth ready to harvest billions of slave-soldiers perfectly evolved to fight the Tarini. In 2000 years they would harvest the humans and equip them for battle. The sheer numbers would overwhelm the Tarini army and ensure the end to the Talaverian War as well as the Tarini species.
Webb and Stacia looked from outside the barn as the induction gas permeated the room. They watched as the young woman stirred at the sudden rumblings of her unborn child and woke her fianc.
It was time.
Webb and Stacia watched from a window as the young woman labored under the shadowy lamp light; dirt dancing around the humans engrossed in the delivery. Suddenly, a tiny head emerged from the spread legs of the young woman followed by a small bloody baby coated in mucus. The man held its small frail body as it limply rested in his calloused hands. There was no movement.
Stacia shifted nervously outside in the wet grass, distressed and asked Webb. Should we intervene? We cant leave him here to die. Tears swelled in her eyes. Webb pulled her away from the window by her shoulders, steadying her shaking body.
If we go in they will know. Its not our place to intervene. He is not our child any
A shrill cry pierced the night air beckoning Webb and Stacia to the window. The infant squirmed and screamed in its surrogate mothers arms. Stacia stood outside bending her arms mimicking as if she were holding their son. Tears of joy ran down their cheeks looking on as his little chest filled with the first breathes of alien Earth air. Their child would be the first Galaris sacrifice to the War Planet. He was a light in the dark future of war and death to come.
