A sailor's tale
emopest
Yeah, you heard right, kid. I was on the Chroma Star. Greatest ship that sailed the Winter Street, I tell you that. Oh, eh, Winter Street is wrong, what do you call it here? Milky Way, that's right. Wanna hear the story, then? Get me another one of these beers or whatever the fuck they are and I'll tell you. Sit down, kid, sit down. It's not a long story, but it's a good one, and a true one.



Alright, so we were doing a standard run, you know? Shipping some cargo between two solars. Heck, half of it was even legal. I was never a fancy shipswoman, they just paid me to shoot if someone would shoot at us. Nice and simple, under the table. Couldn't get much help from the union then, but I couldn't afford the taxes back then, and we all did what we had to do. It's all about survival out here on the smaller moons.



I'm rambling, sorry. On with the story. I think we were about two lightweeks out, when we the cap'n called us in our bunker. He said that they had picked up a weird-as-fuck boat on the radar, and we were going to check on it. As in on it. The fucker wanted us to board the ship, have a peek and report back. We argued about that for, I don't know, 15 minutes, but he gave in and raised our pay 20%, 25 if there was any loot. I tell you that kid, always stand up to those bastard cap'ns, especially those who are bastards, you know what I mean? Of course you do, look at him!



Oh, the story, sorry. Cap'n said they didn't pick up any signals from it, so it should be safe. It was a weird-looking ship  though, nothing like I'd ever seen. It wasn't too big, but had weird shape and when we got closer we could see it was painted with I don't know, symbols perhaps. Looked like those grafphoto tags you kids make with those spray pens of yours. Command couldn't see any docking port on it either, so the plan was to send two teams over there in the shuttle; on team in the shuttle and who would cut the damn thing open and seal it before it ripped to pieces, and my team would play hide 'n seek.



The shuttle-cuttle team, as we called them, were all good people, and they knew what they were doing. I've never seen anyone create such a smooth passageway in the out. Me and four of my best-aiming and trigger happy comrades finally entered the boat safely and try to sneak around in those god-awful suits they had back then; big and clumsy, but with enough experience at least you could get around fairly quiet. There was no alarm sounding, and very dark. At first we thought that the power was out, but after a while we realized that there weren't even any lamps installed in the first place. Oh, I remember that realization gave me the chills.



It appeared to be a two-deck ship. On top deck we found a whole bunch of weapons, as they turned out to be. At the time we had no idea, they were all so strange, but they seemed to be neatly organized. We lurked around for a while, radioed Command and they told us to keep looking. The only souls they picked up on the instruments were ours, so we went downstairs. I remember this very clearly, kid. The first sight of them. It was like a great hall, a great dark one, almost like in the movers. It was filled with, well, at the time I didn't know what to call them, but I thought to myself that they looked like coffins. Sarcophagi, perhaps. About, perhaps 200 of them, all with tubes, looking almost like veins, and the top part of them being made of their equivalent of glass. 



I remember Corny's shriek. Well, it was more of a yelp to be honest, not gonna lie about that one. He was the first the shine a light on them to see what was inside. As you know, they looked a lot like us, only more, eh Stretched out. That's not offensive, right? I know stretchers is a bad word, but I can say that they look like stretched out humans? Anyway, you know what they look like. We fucking shat our suits anyway, I tell you that. We had never seen a life form that didn't originate from Tellus before, we didn't even know any existed except for plants, so you gotta understand that this was a bit overwhelming at the time. We called Command, sent them some pictures, even though they had been recording on the helmcam the entire time, but you know how it is, kid, you forget it's there. I actually was a little bit proud that I had remembered snapping a pic in the first place.



We got the heck of that ship and sealed it up tight. I don't know what the cap'n told the government to get away with attempt to looting, but we hauled the ship, reported it in, and the rest is history. They woke 'em up, made a good relationship between human civilisations and the Jrontax, but don't trust what they teach you in school about that son-of-a-dog cap'n being the lone hero, or that they were explorers. Trust me, those were weapons on that boat. They weren't exploring; they were out to conquer.