Faster than Light
frankz0509
Nicholaus stroked his beard. "Telemetry; beacon readouts, please?" he said in a scruffy Eastern European accent.

A small man shuffled nervously, and picked up a roll of paper. "1.2 billion beacons lit tonight, sir. Optimal route already calculated and programmed into your guidance systems."

"Great, great. Packages ready for delivery?" Nicholaus grabbed his belt from opposite sides of his waist and slowly tugged it upwards. "Oomph."

"Yes sir. Warp tunnels ready for instant transport, we've double -- ahem -- triple-checked everything and all is accounted for." The small man announced proudly.

"It's set then! Prepare the pilots."

---

"Evenin', boss. Chilly night, eh?" Blixen said, standing in salute to Nicholaus.

"Ha ha, truly it is. I reckoned by this time we should have gotten used to it!" Nicholaus grabbed a rung and pulled himself up the ladder and into the navigator's seat. He checked readouts from a few sensors, tapped a display lightly, and smiled.

"Right," Blixen hopped into the first pilot's seat and flicked a switch. "Engines warm, boss. On your signal."

"Hi, boss!" Donner waved at Nicholaus from the second pilot's seat.

"Evening, Donner. Short trip tonight, I'm afraid. Not as many beacons as last year, sadly." Nicholaus drew his seatbelt and buckled himself snugly. "Ready?"

"Yessir!" Blixen and Donner announced in unison, their faces stuck in half-smiles, clearly damaged by the sad news.

"Set the vector. Our first stop is Anguilla." Nicholaus tapped the comm switch. "Open the gates, please, Comet."

"Summoning warp gate, boss." Comet replied. A loud hum emanated from the wall in front of The Sleigh, followed by a blinding blast of light, and a warp gate materialized.

---

Throughout the night, Nicholaus flew all around the world in FTL speed, summoning warp gates where beacons are lit and transporting packages. In some beacons where gratuity is left, he'd stop by to pick up a piece of bread, sometimes with milk and cheese, or sometimes cookies. Sometimes, the beacons are merely candles lit beside worn socks -- probably the other half of the only pair that the beacon owner has -- so he'd slip in an extra package as appreciation. He passed by some buildings that have had beacons in the past few years, and his smile would twinge just a little.

"Hey, boss." Donner looked at Nicholaus from his seat, his face lit by half-smile.

"Oh, ha ha, is it time already?" Nicholaus straighted on his seat.

"Yessir."

"Turn up the speakers then!"

It has been the tradition of The Sleigh's crew to play bells wherever they pass by for many years now. This year, they played the bells ever-so slowly, in silent mourning for all the terrible things that have happened and all the beacons which are no longer being lit.

"Merry Christmas, fellas." Nicholaus announced.

"Merry Christmas, boss."

---

*Happy holidays, /r/shortscifistories! I hope I didn't offend anyone with my Christmas reference. ;)*