The Knight of Bald Mountain
_John_Locke_4815
I was the only white person on the plane. I looked out the window, staring at the dunes of the Gobi desert cover large cities. Wanderers looked up at the plane. I occasionally stared at the man next to me. He seemed to be in his early forties. He had balding gray hair and a ponytail. He cut the sleeves off of his jumpsuit. We were all heading to a prison in Russia called the Knight of Bald Mountain. The police in Hong Kong framed me for murdering a business tycoon, so they boarded me onto this plane. A few hours later we landed in Cherabognobyl, a small Russian city, where a man in a long wool coat with guards and a truck behind them were waiting. The second we landed, a guard on the plane yelled at us to get off or else he would shoot all of us. We walked out into the cold as snow fell onto our faces and the guards to the man came over to us and raised their guns. I stared at the chains on our ankles until I heard footsteps and gunshots. I looked behind me at the bloodied body of a Korean teen. We stopped a few feet away from the man. He pulled out a flask and started drinking.

"Hello, my new prisoners!" He bellowed after putting the flask away. "I am Kutrid Putinov, the head warden of the Knight and president of South Russia. Welcome to Cherabognobyl. Now get in the truck!"

The guards aimed their guns at us again as we shuffled into the truck. While we were sitting in the canvas covered back, the man from the plane glared at me. I recognized him. He lived in a ratty hotel a few blocks from my house in Hong Kong. The reason he's going to prison is that he kidnapped the daughter of the hotel owner. Nearly everyone in Hong Kong is racist now. They didn't want me and my family, but the government of China allowed us refuge from the North American Sinkhole. In fact, Asian governments allowed many people in refuge from sinkholes. In 2012 sinkholes destroyed every continent excluding Asia. About 100,000 people from every continent escaped to Asia. Anyway, a young Vietnamese boy with one eye pulled out a dark-edged pocket plasma saber but was stopped by a guard in the truck. The truck ride took about an hour and a half. When we got out of the truck a Porsche pulled up behind and Kutrid walked out.

"Gentlemen," he said as he raised his arms. "Welcome to the Knight of Bald Mountain!"   

The prison was truly a spectacle. You see buildings on mountains, well this building covers the top quarter of the mountain. Thousands of cells with helicopters flying overhead. On the bottom level there were guard towers and prisoners working out. Several of them had tattoos that resembled radical terrorists groups, like eagles, three claw marks, phoenixes, and a few swastikas thrown in the mix. In Hong Kong I was part of a group of revolutionaries called The Eternal Dynasty. We were plotting to take over Beijing and reinstate the dynasty style of running China like in the old days. Anyway, some guards escorted us to different cells. In mine, there was a big Russian blonde with bruises on his knuckles I sat down on my bed as the guard locked the cell door.

"Hi," I said. "I'm Finn."

The Russian just sat on his bed. "I'm Dolph."

I nodded. I was a little scared of him. I was spindly and small, and he was six foot seven. I fell asleep about two hours later. The next day while I was eating gruel that orphanage would be embarrassed to have, I heard gunshots behind me.

"Fuck!" I yelled. I looked behind to see a white man with a lead pipe on the ground with many bullet holes in his chest. I looked across the cafeteria to see a female Russian guard put down her AK-47.

Five years passed. Tortures ensued. Riots spread across Cherabognobyl like fire. In late December of 2040, I went to bed thinking about Christmas and my dead family.

"Merry Christmas, fucker," I said to myself. I woke up a few hours later to gunfire. A woman opened up the cell and shot Dolph before he could wake up. I recognized her as the guard that shot the man who was going to kill me.

"What are you doing here?" I asked.

"I'm a spy for The Eternal Dynasty," she said as she shot guards. "I flew back to Hong Kong to send information about this prison to our friends. I'm Krista, by the way."

"Okay." We ran through the prison, shooting down the Russian police and military. As we exited, I noticed Chinese jets flying overhead and entire armies.

"You took over China?" I asked Krista.

"Yep," she replied. "We're now becoming imperialistic. We'll soon be prosperous."

A helicopter landed with the Chinese flag painted on the doors near us. The doors opened and some soldiers signaled me to run in. As we flew over the besieged city, I felt at peace. I felt part of a greater cause. I felt like a knight against the Knight of Bald Mountain.