National Council on Diabetes
StanleyScience
He opened the door, walked in, and took his place at the back of the line.  Since when did Garys look so drab?  They must have made it that way, they being the National Council on Diabetes (or NCoD for short).  He thought back to his youth when grotesque images first crept onto the packages of cigarettes, and slightly later when buyers had to watch the 30-second video.  Sometimes it was a personal testimony from a cancer survivor and his family, sometimes it was a boring lecture from a doctor, sometimes it was a cost analysis, or prediction, of your expenditures based on big data pulled from public databases.  But even that hadnt stemmed the vice to the satisfaction of the state.

Hmm, so now its here.  Mark looked with muted interest at those same images which now adorned the grey overhead menu system.  Of course they werent exactly the same, as the frail and withered lung cancer patients had been replaced with obese (many morbidly so) fast food patrons.  At least they were supposed to have eaten the fast food.  He couldnt remember if the resolution meant that images had to be obtained from patrons of that specific chain, or if other restaurants would do.

Hello and what will you be having today? A teenage girl greeted Mark as he stepped up to the counter.  He began to actively salivate, he had earned that.  His eyes darted around, finding the joy in the grey and black of the overhead menu screen.  He made his decision, but as usual he procrastinated just a bit.  He hated this part.

Two Garys Beef Burgers. He tried to say it quietly, and made eye contact with the cashier in a fleeting attempt to avoid what was next.  He thought if he kept his voice low enough maybe they wouldnt do it, if he could somehow sound remorseful or desperate, then just maybe

Were gonna get fat! She exclaimed at the top of her lungs.  Some of the other patrons looked up from their meals, although many had seen it so many times it had lost its novelty.  The kids still found it funny, and a certain clique of high school students had even made it a pastime to order some milk and station themselves for a view for several hours after school.  The lights dimmed in the restaurant as the screens at the tables, and those mounted on the walls, cut from the commercials for local grocers and began the program.  Which one would he get?  He had his own set of favorites, diatribes he considered slightly less scolding, but anyway it would all be over soon.

Good evening patrons, a man said in a white coat.  He seemed familiar, and the state did employ a small number of actors.  The man who is standing at register 3 just purchased two beef burgers, for a combined calorie count of over 1,000 calories.  The actor let the words hang in the air.  It was so clever how they could update his movements and voice to reflect immediate events.  The programmers must have spent such a long time on

Mark was distracted by snickering adolescents exchanging knowing glances.  One yelled fatty!.  In accordance with recommendations from the National Council on Diabetes, I am required to inform you of the unhealthiness of your decisions,  The announcer dropped his voice.  and the damage you will do to your body.  Mark debated whether or not to face the screens stoically with an air of indifference, or to stare at the floor.

A disembodied female voice played over a scene of a man over-eating which gradually zoomed in on an ulcer developing on his foot.  Diabetes is a terrible disease with equally terrible consequences.  And poor decisions do have consequences.  The view of the amputation was graphic, but not shocking.  He heard that it was always a struggle about how close to get and how much to show.  This was not to say that Mark didnt appreciate it; after the health system nearly collapsed 15 years ago, things had gotten desperate.  They had to find a way to curb preventable illness.  This man has already cost the healthcare system over $50,000.  That is part of your money too.

Eventually the first actor came back on, and wrapped up with some legal disclaimers in a hurried tone.  The lights returned to their full brightness as innocuous commercials once again filled the screens.  Shame slowly melted into desperation as Mark grabbed the black paper bag and took his seat in the food abusers section.  The first bite was amazing, and he knew he should savor it before taking another.  It was so hard to resist, but he had to.  One of the teenagers let out a chuckle while some of them pointed to his table.  A toddler turned around at a table two seats away and pretended to open his mouth around a burger.  How many chews would he get this time?

Mark knew he had to eat slow, that eventually the anesthetic would build up in his mouth and throat.  The first burger felt wonderful.  Had there been an after-taste?  Yes, maybe there was.  In some combination of anger, shame and sadness, he viciously unwrapped the second burger in the deliberately difficult-to-open plastic packaging.  As he bit through, the tastiness gave way to blandness, somewhat faster than he was expecting, and he spit out the mouthful.  A wave of relief passed over him as he realized he managed to avoid the stinging sensation which invariably followed the anesthesia.

He walked out of the restaurant satisfied.  More calories bought you less anesthetic, but they had never made the formula public.  Already he planned out how he would exercise next week, maybe even twice a day.  That should buy him more of that second burger.