Hotwired
frankz0509
**Below is an excerpt from The Stanford Tribune, dated 8 November 2022, with the title "Hotwired".**

George Waltz Killnman, Professor Emeritus at Stanford University and 2021 recipient of the Ralph W. Gerard Prize, has finally perfected the method to perform *synaptic realignment*, or using the term laymen prefer, *hotwiring*.

The procedure takes at most three (3) hours and involves four important steps:

1. Injection of the peripheral inhibitor, pineosteroid ALV-33, via a hypodermic needle to the cerebellum, which causes the pineal gland to go on overdrive in producing melatonin and shut down all sensory input.
2. A lateral incision through the parietal lobe with a .035cm-edge scalpel, opening a crevasse about 3cm long and .5cm deep.
3. Implanting of the electrostimulus probe in the crevasse, and subsequent application of the cerebraline compound CA-05 to stimulate stem cell growth and neural regeneration around the probe, thus closing the artificial crevasse.
4. The activation of the implant via an external control module, causing the probe to produce subsonic waves precisely-tuned to the patient's brainwave frequency.

The results of Dr. Killnman's clinical trials are astounding. One patient reported heightened perception: they were able to process a wider range of sensory input at twice the speed, or in other words, could make themself perceive time as slower, *at will*. This opened a huge range of applications, both for military and civil use: enhanced soldiers with twice the reflex speed and decision-making capabilities, hedge fund traders with the ability to make buy and sell decisions at a fraction of the time, and superathletes with double the dexterity.

Another recorded patient from the Harvard facility reported a newfound precognition ability: the patient claimed to be able to "see" as far as five minutes in the future, correctly guessing which card will be shown next when randomly selected from a sealed deck. Of course, the possibilities for application are just as staggering, if not more, than the previous ones. Instead of soldiers being able to calculate maneuvers quickly after an attack, they can plan attacks in advance to circumvent moves by the enemy. Hedge fund traders will be able to predict market gains and losses, which is clearly -- and as of writing this, still legally -- advantageous to any firm. The superathletes on the other hand, would be able to foresee their opponent's next move, and be able to react with inhuman quickness.

A patient from the UC Berkeley facility, however, reported much odder findings: under different emotional states, the patient was recorded to be able to perceive totally different versions of reality. For example: under induced depression, the patient was reported to have seen their room as "visibly desolate, with weathered wood and chafed paint". Under induced euphoria by administering purified CBD, the the patient reported their room to be "without walls, and [they] saw [their] feet suspended over a very tall ledge". Anger, surprise, and excitement equally distinctive and consistent visions. Robert Kosche, head of neuropharmacology at UCB, said that the visions were unlike those simply induced by hallucinogens, maintaining that they were consistent and predictable, almost as if the patient were suddenly able to see alternate realities of the same spacetime coordinates.

"This could be a confirmation of the long-standing theory posited by myself several years ago," said Dr. Kellnman in an interview. "that reality is all within the brain. We are anchored to this reality by how our brains are tuned, perhaps through evolution or otherwise, and that 'reality' is nothing but a fabrication of our collective thoughts. It is therefore reasonable to conclude that, based on these findings, demons and angels are in fact real, by definition of reality being malleable. And because everything could be real, it stands to reason that inversely, nothing is. You and I are just fabrications of our minds, and as you see, we are both real. Finally, this means that science fiction is not fiction, since in some alternate reality of some other brains, everything exists. Switch-flipping claws, interstellar electron colliders, caring AI algorithms, and people stuck on other planets are equally as real as this very ground with stand upon."