Better Judgement
badpun_ca
Kell Sanford stands as the door to his private cell opens. A man steps in wearing white gloves and a purposefully understated slate suit, the tastelessly emphasized hand stitching screaming wealth against its dour confines.
"Good day Mr. Sanford, my name is James Raybould and I think you've made the right choice in consulting with DynaVerdict." He removes his right glove and extends his immaculately manicured hand.

Kell glances at the hand and then sits back on his bed, "James, I'm in a bad situation, I need the best."

James looks around the austere room for a place to sit, his eyes settle on the stainless steel toilet as his lip slightly curls in distaste, "We are the best Sir, no one else has the deep A.I. analysis capability that we have.  So let's get down to business.  Do you know which version of the A.I. judge is presiding over your case?"
"My lawyers said 32B, specifically designed for corporate fraud. My lawyers petitioned for a trial in front of a live judge but there just aren't many of those anymore."

"You may want to reassess your representation Mr. Sanford, as you know live judges are subject to bribery, racism, classism, coercion  societally unsettling behaviors. Artificial Intelligence rulings are above reproach; their verdicts cannot be appealed. A not guilty verdict for you would be the end of this embarrassing episode, for life."
Kell snaps, "And a guilty verdict would be hopeless incarceration, for life. In the old days a man of my means could simply buy--"

James raises his hand for silence, taking the opportunity to replace his glove, "'Buy some exceptionally high priced lawyers' is how I suggest you end that sentence. I think you'll agree that we live in a far more just society now, where the public trusts the rulings of the artificial courts, and a man such as yourself will be treated as fairly and equally as the common man."
"If this is your sales pitch it's the worst I've ever heard. I need to know how I can get a not guilty verdict, not all the reasons why its unlikely."

"Of course. As you know Mr. Sanford, we cannot guarantee any particular verdict, we can merely structure your case in a way which we believe the A.I. Judge will interpret most favorably."
"Fine yes, what do you need to give me my best chance?"

"Let's confirm the details I already have; You are accused of leveraging your company's employee pension fund to build a chemical transfer hub, one which was mired by a bribery scandal--"

"Allegedly. The supposed whistleblower in that case died in an accident."

"Yes, conveniently that accident was a large chemical explosion at the same transfer hub which completely destroyed the facility and polluted a large swath of land around it. Land which you personally owned and insured for a significant sum, described as mostly sand and tumbleweeds."

Kell makes a derisive grunt, "I'm sure people thought Walt Disney was crazy for buying up all that swampland in Florida too."

 They also claim to have an instant message conversation between yourself and the site administrator where allegedly you told them to run the pressure bypass test after ordering another team to disassemble the safety systems for maintenance the same day. James folds his arms across his chest, Im afraid this is going to be quite an expensive scope of work for you Mr. Sanford. Please have your lawyers send us the rest of the fine details of the case and Ill have our team take a look. With enough analysis its still likely we can improve your odds.  Ill contact you when we are ready to present our estimate. Good day, Mr. Sanford.

James raps on the door and exits when it opens, inspecting his glove's knuckles as he passes into freedom, Kell receding in his cell.

James Raybould returns a week later, his black gloves contrasting strongly with his white cotton suit.
"Hello Mr. Sanford, I have come with our analysis and I believe you'll be happy with our result. We believe that with enough compute power we can ensure a 97% likelihood of a not-guilty verdict. Costs should not exceed sixty million."

"Sixty million buys me my freedom?"

James expresses a look of disappointment, Mr. Sanford, the A.I. judges replaced flesh and blood to ensure that all citizens had fair and impartial trials. As I said when we last met, the judges are above reproach, we cannot buy them.  For sixty million you are hiring the services of an incredibly complex algorithm, leveraging the analysis of thousands of similar cases, deep dives into the public source code, and the simulation of thousands of copies of the A.I. judge to test its reaction to the evidence and statements given. All of that is used to manage the framework of your defense in real time as the case unfolds. In front of the A.I. Judge you are equal to all other men.  When your *one chance* in front of this A.I. Judge comes we will have tested millions of possible outcomes beforehand and you will present what we believe with 97% accuracy is *the perfect case*."

Kell smiles as understanding widens his eyes, "I guess some really are more equal than others, give me the paperwork, Ill sign."
