Rank & File
APBoland
The easiest part of fighting a battle is just that, fighting the battle. I dont even have to think about it anymore. All that training, all that experience, your body just takes over. Its like switching on the autopilot. The hardest part, however, is listening to Mitchell sing that godforsaken song over the GenComm linkagain.  
Rank and file, another mile. Charge your blasters, kill them bastards.  
The fool didnt even know the correct words, he just made up something different every damn time. I sighed and turned down my Comm half a turn. Barns pulled up beside me, scanning the terrain with his Vizor.  
Whats it look like, I asked him through our private link. Behind us, the mobile unit was spreading thin so I signalled for them to tighten up.  
I dont see anything they havent thrown at us before. Said Barns. Truth be told, they had thrown a whole hell of a lot at us before. It was, after all, the whole reason weve been stuck in this sector for three years. The Alturns (or as Mitchell would call them, the AllTurds) really lucked out when they aligned themselves with these hard-shelled Crusties. Hell, the damn war would probably be over by now if they hadnt. Instead, we got bogged down here in Paneaus-Sector D, fighting creatures that looked as if they belonged at the bottom of the sea, while the real enemy regrouped back in their home system. Barns caught my attention and pointed at a mass of moving bodies in the distance.  
Williams made contact. I gave Barns a slight nod and signalled for the squad to halt. We drifted to a stop about 50 meters from our target: a large hole in the ground. I pointed with three fingers to the left and three to the right. Six Gen4- H Crafts drifted off to form a semicircle around the hole. Should be a walk in the park I thought. We powered down and waited.  
Mitchell belched loudly through the GenComm and I swear to God I could smell it. I turned it down another quarter turn and looked out across the valley. Williams squad was outgunned and on the run. I smiled. So far, everything was going according to plan.  
You think theyll fall for it, asked Barns over our private link. I buzzed him back.  
The Crusties havent scored a solid victory in three months so yeah theyll fall for it. Whats the Vizor look like? Barns powered up a display mounted to his H craft.  
Clear, but reinforcements are known to be in the area, and Williams is in a perfect place to be flanked. If I were the Crusties I would come out right Desert sands shifted and the ground beneath us trembled.  
Power up! I yelled into my GenComm. All around, H crafts lifted off and weapon systems came online. Out front, the sound of a thousand buzzsaws emanated from the hole. The first wave of Crusties appeared, streaming out the hole like a pack of rabid animals. Admittedly, I am not an expert on the facial expressions of the modern day Crustie soldier, but an oh shit look is pretty recognizable across a wide range of species. They knew they were dead, we knew they were dead, and the only thing left to do was make em dead. My H craft shook violently as the gatling gun protruding from the nose engaged. We circled, picking them off with ease. It was loud, sure, it always is, but Mitchell was louder.  
Rank and file, another mile. You can trust me, to kill the Crusty. I laid off the trigger for a moment, reached down and turned off my Comm.  