The Death of the Universe
Ghsdkgb
The universe is dying. 

I dont mean the stars are dying; those burned out trillions of years ago. I dont mean really mean people, though our fates are tied to that of the universe. Weve held on as long as we could, but all of our tricks are running out. 

First, we simply abandoned our planets as the stars grew too hot or expanded or exploded. We knew, though, that eventually there would be no new stars to move to. We began to prolong the effective lives of our stars with giant, spherical nets cast around them to capture their energy. By casting these nets early in the stars life, we could redirect nearly all of the energy to fuel our planets, rather than let any radiate away into deep space. These nets were built to survive the eventual expansion, and they captured all of the stars energy through the red giant phase, yet were efficient enough to pick up the weak power eked out by the tiny, white dwarves. Nothing could last forever, though, and eventually this energy began to run out, too. 

We eventually developed a technique to take brown dwarf stars, those tiny remnants that never gathered enough material to begin fusion, and change their paths throughout their respective galaxies so that they would eventually collide. The combined mass kindled a new red dwarf star, and the imprecision of the collisions gave us enough matter to form a planet to settle on. This worked, for a time, and we were happy. One could almost forget the universe was mostly gone, until night fell and the dark, moonsless skies revealed the true emptiness of the universe.

We had to evolve, to adapt ourselves to these new conditions, mostly through applied biotechnologies. We changed our bodies to require less energy to function. We married ourselves to our technology, so that we eventually didnt even need a planet to settle. We lived in the void between stars, absorbing energy from them to function. We eventually adapted to live off the decay energy of white dwarves and even the background radiation of the universe, even as they, too, faded to black. Systems still went dark, our hyperefficient, low-power bodies still starving to death. As I came across others, I would copy their information into mine, so that they would never truly die, as long as there was even one of us left to hold onto our souls. Over time, I had become one person with the experience of trillions. 

I fear I may be the last in my galaxy. I havent seen another person in nearly a billion years, though that is quite a short time these days. 

Some time ago, there was a communication sent out across all FTL bands we had ever used. It proposed plans for a device that could block dark energy across intergalactic distances. Sure, wed all learned to manipulate dark energy in order to properly effect superluminal travel, but to simply turn it off? If it worked, the galaxies that had been separated by impossible distances would start to collapse back together. It would take eons before any collision happened, but we were all capable of waiting unfathomably long times, with our functions - and thus power usage - turned down to minimum.

When enough of these collisions occurred, eventually the mass collection would begin to resemble Big Bang conditions. The machine would make sure everything collided properly, instead of simply being caught in orbits around each other. And when enough of it did, the theory went, a new Big Bang would be touched off. Stars would rekindle, the universe would live again. Those of us whod had the foresight to stay out of the proverbial furnace would then have a whole new, albeit smaller, universe to inhabit. I could recreate individual bodies again, and split myself back into the civilizations I once was. With the lack of dark energy still propagating across the universe, other parts of the universe could be pulled in. The universe could live again! And with these plans already known, we could keep this process up, potentially forever. Wed need a large net around our new universe, to capture stray energy, but it could work. This would be no mere stopgap; it would be a cyclic renewal. Actual eternity was in our grasp.

The problem was, the machine required far more energy than existed in any single galaxy, anymore. Oh, at one point, a couple of big stars and the materials from their systems would have been more than enough, but these days an entire galaxy barely held the energy of the smallest of dwarf stars. It would take thousands of galaxies working together in order to complete the machine.

Every few million years, Id receive another communication broadcast saying that another part had been completed. Some other entity would have dragged their galaxy along and assembled another component, using whatever energy they had to power it. Then they would announce that they had retreated to a sufficiently far distance, and gone to sleep. 

By my calculations, I held one of only a few galaxies within range to get the machine completed. Communications had also indicated that enough parts had been assembled, it might only take one more of us to complete the machine and turn it on. That was assuming that entropy hadnt distorted or otherwise ruined the work that had been done. 

I have enough matter assembled. I have enough energy left to turn it on. I might be the last one left who can do it. All I can do now is hope, wish that maybe I might be all that is needed to finish the job.

Ive been travelling towards the broadcast location for billions of years. Weve been scattered so far. Would this machine even be enough?

It would have to be. I would have to be. 

Im close, now, cosmically speaking. A few more millennia, and Ill be there.

Im so close. 

Im so lonely. 