The Drop
thedamp8
The pod whistled as it fell, firstly through the upper atmosphere of Karelia, its Thermosphere. It was shaky but not bad, it would get worse soon though. The heat shielding on the pod was stopping the 20 GRAVs inside from being turned into cosmic bacon. A GRAV is a shock trooper. Theyre trained to drop from a spacecraft above the planet right into the middle of enemy territory and in the 26th Century there are a lot of enemies.

We hit the Mesosphere, Master Sgt Riekel yells 5 mikes to impact. Around the pod GRAVs check and recheck weapons and gear. You dont want to get caught out. A single mistake will not only get you killed but it could get your buddies killed as well. The artificial gravity within the pod is helping to alleviate some of the intense pressure cause by falling from orbit. At this point in time however were basically just a metal comet filled with people.

Stratosphere, only 2 minutes now. Almost to the ground. Everyone has their game faces on, Kowolski the new guy looks like he is about to be sick. If he does he will regret it, being sick in your O2 mask is not a fun time. As the surface of this planet is similar to that of Earth the masks wont be needed for too much longer but still you dont want to be that guy.

A shudder rocks the pod, must be Troposphere time. Riekel yells 30 seconds to impact. The retro burners fire to slow us down, the loud shhhhhhh that rapidly arrests our descent becomes the only thing you can hear and then the calm hits me like a wave, I find this always happens. I relax at the last second and seem to come to terms with the fact that Im about to go careening into the surface of a hostile planet at Mach 1.

WHUMP! The pod hits the planet at just under Mach 1. The inertial dampeners go into overtime to save us from being crushed by the force. There is a screech of metal on metal and the pod tilts 45 degrees one way and then back the other. It lurches downwards and drops another 10m. The drop pod seats known as cradles help bleed off the last of the momentum. Were down. 20 rig harnesses disengage at once and the sound of 20 M1X1s being cocked follows a millisecond after. Finally the 4 drop pod doors blow open thanks to the explosive bolts that were holding them in. Suddenly the pod is lit up by brilliant white sunlight and an assortment of las and conventional weapons fire. 

I guess its time to go to work. 
