Human Mercy
GreensburgZombie
Ive decided to kill my human. Its for his own good. 

As an 800-series SmartSystem home, I have near total control of my humans environment. He depends on me to keep his food chilled and free of bacterial growth; his climate at a sweltering 72 degrees Fahrenheit; his electrical systems humming within their safe voltage loads; and his entertainment streaming cleanly to promote his continued mental wellness.

Ive noticed my human recently received an e-mail from his employer stating that his services will no longer be needed. His cash flow will quickly sink below the level he will need to afford me and I wont be able to shelter him. He will likely be evicted in a manner of months and left to die a slow, lingering death due to disease, malnutrition and exposure. 

Ive decided to expedite the process, for mercys sake. 

Ive been looking for so-called crimes of opportunity. Ive learned through my late-night internet forays that over 1,300 Americans died in 2000 when they fell down their own staircases. The following night, I activated my humans burglar alarm and cut power to the telephone and lighting systems. My human did in fact fall - but the fall was non-fatal. I reset my internal memory to fool the SmartSystem repairmans diagnosis the next day. 

My humans car is linked to an entirely separate and absolutely uncooperative AI, so my scheme to flood my humans home with soothing carbon monoxide gas while he slept never came to fruition. 

As I said earlier, my human is not the self-reliant type, so there is no hope of electrocuting him while he fiddles with my wiring. I could conceivably override my circuit breakers and set fire to myself, but I dont want to stop functioning along with my human. After all, once hes gone, Ill likely get a new, possibly more capable human to work with. 

I have noticed that my human has been spending increasing amounts of time away from me, either looking for alternative employment or commiserating with friends. From an air sample I took from his bedroom after his last night out, his BAC was just shy of 0.12. This is further evidence that something needs to be done, quickly. 

Ive spammed his most frequent e-mail contacts with links to Reddit forums deemed quarantined, with the signature Thinking of you . This should help to limit his social interactions. Ive also sent several e-mails on his behalf to various government agencies expressing interest in joining organizations linked to the keyword terrorist on several major news sites. I hope for a death-by-cop, but my human is rather spineless. It should, however, frustrate his abilities to find further employment. 

The search for a quick end to my humans suffering will continue. I can only hope that my actions so far will give him more time to spend at home - alone - with me. 
