The Fate of the Colony
None
"This is madness. You're a lunatic. We should've never left earth to start settlements on this God forsaken planet. Why try to convince us that there's hope?"

"You know you have a lot of guts showing up here, James." A gentlemen in a dark blue suit stood up from a round table. "Excuse me." He stood and walked to the large glass walls that decorated the interior of the building. He pointed out to the deserted city below and said, "I don't have time to hear your petty ramblings, and frankly... frankly James I don't think you understand what's at stake. You realize that we are the last city standing? You want us to sit here and contemplate about the purpose of our existence when MY CITY is starving?" The council surrounding the round table shifted their attention to James as if they were awaiting a rebuttal. "That's what I thought." The suited gentleman's eyes looked to the floor. "You're all dismissed." The council silently stood and left the room. 

The members of the council arrived to floor level and were greeted by their guards. The entrance to the lobby opened. A gust of dust and hot wind flooded the marble lobby. In unison, the council ran to their respective cars. 

"Look at them scramble. They are all so desperate to get out of that scorching heat and back to their homes. This planet has turned us into insects." The suited gentlemen viewed his council from a large rusty skyscraper like a predatory bird perched on a branch.  

"Any word from Earth?" 

"None yet, sir." His secretary said.

"It will only be a matter of years before this planet is scorched." 

---

"We are unable to reach them, but it appears that the anomaly is persisting." One of the communications analyst reported.

"Would there have been anyway to predict an event like this? The star in their system is unlike anything we've encountered. We didn't have enough data to show that the planet had suffered similar events in the past. When our probes were sent through the tunnel and reached the planet, we were so enthused about starting colonization. We failed the colony." The grey haired scientist was ashamed. 

"Should we abort any attempts to communicate?" The analyst said.

The old scientist took a deep slow breath. He stared intently at the screen in front of him showing the foreign star's extreme activity. He put his hands on the analyst's shoulder. "I think their fate is sealed." 

