The War for Mars
arrozal
One year. It didn't feel like much.

It wasn't so much the fact that Erik was effectively serving up double-time, if you counted the difference. It was more that there wasn't so much to feel. Something got lost in translation between thumb-swipe and the remote strike some 225.3 million kilometers away.

Sometimes his eye caught figures moving on the ground but even if he'd wanted to he couldn't dwell on them further - the drone always wanted to keep moving. There was always another threat to suppress.

Men and machines still had their own weaknesses but married together they were nigh-unbeatable, except by other men and machines. After the orbital arrays had done their indiscriminate work, Command signed work-detail volunteers like Erik up to personally mop-up the remains.

It was a lot more interesting than hydroponics. For the sake of realism, and perhaps tradition, his team were housed in a remote location but even so it was difficult to relate the world around them with deployment. Their food grew abundantly with help from a clear sky and there was no question of contamination when it came to water.

Nothing grew on the terrain Erik's team patrolled. Sterile as space and yet their foes fought fiercer than ever. They were on the edge of oblivion and they knew it. Command said the war would be over soon, once the remaining survivors breathed their last on irradiated ground.

Erik's team and the hundred others might not get them all but they could do enough damage to be sure by strafing their supply caches and exposing their water supplies to the irradiated winds with 30mm rounds of depleted uranium.

At first the idea had made him uncomfortable but now he worked extra hours to speed up the process. There wasn't any sense in prolonging the inevitable, even if they were the enemy.

It had been a long time since they'd had strength to come at them in ships but that didn't mean they weren't dangerous. Each one was a potential threat to Home. It wasn't our fault they'd neglected their own back yard, said his grandmother, who was old enough to remember the Slow Catastrophe.

Nothing born over there would settle for that if they knew sanctuary was within reach. Command had held off each wave of attempted migration but everyone accepted they would continue forever if we didn't strike at the source.

Command said we had to go for the source. Strangle the throat of the grimy hand reaching out for Home, said Erik's grandfather, who was old enough to remember Re-Supply Day.

If pressed, his mother might admit the genocide on Earth was unfortunate, but it was all in the name of safeguarding those on Home. It was an act of self-preservation, for this generation and the next, and they couldn't be prouder of Erik.

The War for Mars, they called it.