Fight is on!
Commander_Varc
WARP DISRUPTOR ACTIVE Eva screamed in a high shrill the exhilaration was clear in her voice she was excited for the events that were about to unfold.

Roger, power down our warp drive and preserve power, activate weapons systems and engage I barked to the various members of my crew, this fight wasnt going to be easy however as the CEO of a major space corporation I wasnt going to fail this contract without a least giving the enemy a bloody nose.

Various screens in front of me were flashing with warning symbols alerting me to the fact that the enemy had friends on the way and their fleet was about to drop out of warp and join the fight.
All fleet members enter warp onto my location, follow my trajectory and be full speed aligned this could get ugly I broadcasted over the comms, I was quietly confident about this fight as I had a hidden ace up my sleeve which I had been waiting to show for a while now.

Commander, the enemy ships shield and armour systems have failed and the hull has multiple breaches what are you orders? requested Marcus.

End it quickly we have more to deal with I replied. At that the enemy ship erupted into a pile of scrap sending molten metal shooting out into space, a sight I always loved to see. Eva, Marcus and Elijah all made sound of glee over the bridge, we were a practically blood thirsty lot not because we were complete psychopaths more because we were efficient and enjoyed our work.

FOCUS I growled The enem--my screens suddenly filled with enemy combatants the fight was on, our friendly fleet was only a couple of seconds behind.

Battle formations primary is the panther, we need to disrupt their abilities to escape drop a warp field generator asap! Triage band form on me broadcast for repairs as needed

The battle was in full flow we were trading ships at a steady rate, I was mashing my screens instructing the fleet where to be and what to engage. We were majorly outnumbered there was a dull thud every now and again from our hull being struck by enemy missiles and lasers but it was nothing out shields couldnt handle.

Commander, this is the logistics commander, remote repair systems arent holding we need to extract Severus was never one to make a mistake I knew this was the time to show my hand. 

Bomber wing de-cloak and drop bombs! Decimate the enemy we need to extract. I ordered.
The enemy fleet seemed shocked that we had managed to mass a fleet of such a size and as the bombs landed and they took mass casualties over the net all I could hear were screams of rejoice from my fellow fleet members we all but thought we had won. I had a momentary lapse in judgement.

Fleet, we have them on the back foot follow me in we are going to finish them off! I said smugly.
My fleet looked magnificent we had minimal loses and ships of all sizes were present and working together in complete unison, we were starting to look like the professional unit we have prided ourselves on being for years. 
BEACON ON GIRD SIR Marcus howled.

The second the beacon was registered enemy ships started to pour through the wormhole that had been created, it seems we had been allowed to win the first fight in order to make us commit. I realised my mistake we should have left while we were ahead.

ALIGN TO PLANET OMEGA, PREPARE TO WARP

It was too late the enemy dropped a warp disruption field generator and I began to realise our fate.

HOLY SH---Eva screamed A TITAN CLASS SHIP IS ON GRID

At this point I realised it was over for us. ALL SHIPS WARP OUT IF YOUR AB---

There was a flash of light and I dont remember the pain, just the sudden rush of memories coming back to me and I opened my eyes from the darkness. A Screen illuminated in front my face.

Welcome back Varc,
You are on your home station Planet 6, 31-M Solar system.
Please find your requested personal belongings in the locker with your designation.
Ensure you backup your memories for your next clone experience.
Thank you for using the Galzanta Science Institute.

I looked around the room getting my bearings, I saw Marcus, Eva and Elijah waking up, there were many good pilots who would not have been fortunate to have invested in clone technology like us but one thing was for sure, we were ready for revenge and the fight is on.

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

First time I have ever written anything like this so I do not expect it to be good, however I have been lurking here for a while now and thought I should give something back to the community. I hope its not a horrible read!