The Future of Hope: Zoffery's Revenge
Gallifreyggle
He had learned to stop fearing death many years ago. It was hope that he feared. The kind of hope that one buries deep inside knowing that there is evil around every corner. Hope bubbles over until fate like a meteor scorches out the things you hold closest to your heart. He calmed himself and remained focused on the Carter family. 

Zoffrey was a Deputy Gene Cleanser. He was sent from the future to 1991 to sacrifice those people with deleterious genes. He by all accounts was a serial killer from the future to save mankind. Those that would be sacrificed would have been carriers for diseases that would start a pandemic; descending the planet into chaos and lawlessness. When you read in the newspaper about a horrific tragic accident where a family dies; were there was no motive and the gun man is still at large; it was likely him. The Carters were an elusive bunch moving from city to city. Tonight would be their end.

Zoffrey peered into the house waiting for the single father to put the kids to bed. He thought, Its much easier to do it while theyre sleeping. Zoffrey remembered the year 2217 before he took the job. There was widespread chaos from the Second Zombie Apocalypse. Zoffrey held back a tear as he remembered seeing his sister, Katie, frantically running home as her neighbor, recently turned zombie, chased her down the street. Zoffrey watched form inside the home as the soccer mom engorged on Katies flesh. Zoffrey was frozen stiff, mouth dry, tears streaming down his face. His fear of death had gotten the best of him that day. Self-preservation is one of the greatest laws of man. Every virus, fungus, and bacteria lived by the same law; and in 2217 they were winning. He punished himself by living in the past to save the future.

The lights were out in the kids bedroom and Zoffrey slowly gathered himself tightening his gloves and checking for his gun. 1991 was a peculiar time before neural networks, information overload, and constant fear of famine, death or disease. He was sent to an era of hope, health, and prosperity. He stood up and noticed two glassy eyes staring at him from the window as he crouched on the back porch. The curtain closed in a hurry and Zoffrey rushed to the back door. He knew it was unlocked and hoped that the man would meet him there to make this quick. He flung open the back door and could hear yelling and footsteps through the darkness. The distinct sound of a rifle pump echoed through the sudden calm. Shit, hes got a gun. Zoffrey thought. He looked down at his shiny metallic green timer and saw the he had forgetten to hit record. If he were wounded the timer would reset and take him back to the moment before he hit record. He muttered, Shit again realizing that he would not be able to go back in time to the porch if this ended poorly.  He hit record as a shotgun blast lit up the living room like a stroke of lightening in the sky. Almost as if frozen in time there stood Mr. Carter in his pajamas two kids behind him. Zoffrey dropped to his knees as the bullet escaped his chest cavity, metal flesh and bone mangled as it tore through him. As his last heart beat began to fade his timer would reset to the moment he hit record.   

He was back in the dark living room looking down at his wrist. His timer was set; he pulled his gun, finger on the trigger and let out three shots as Mr. Carter sent an errant shotgun blast into the window behind Zoffrey. 

Zoffrey advanced on the man and his children to finish the job. As he approached he could only make out one body on the floor.  He turned on is headlamp and saw that Mr. Carter lay motionless on the floor. His shotgun still in hand Zoffrey noticed that a shiny metallic green timer identical to Zoffreys rested on Mr. Carters wrist. Zoffrey yelled, You cant be.

A shotgun blast rang out through the darkness of night as a bullet split Zoffreys skull. Bone and brains sprayed onto the antique furniture, spilling onto the floor.  There was no return for Zoffrey. The kids came running down the stairs as Mr. Carter waved for them to stop; so as not to see the dead body in their living room. They had seen enough death in their youth. They had escaped the horrors of their zombie mother dismantling the little neighbor girl. They were no longer haunted by the monsters of the future. The Carters future was in the present hope, health, and prosperity of 1991.  
