Bad day for a misjump
oppositeofawake
I misjumped.
    
I knew there was a risk, though when its roughly 1 in 5 million, after a while you stop thinking about it. Its like reverse lottery  you dont really ever expect to win.  
 
But win I did. And the vessel, though built to survive extremely harsh conditions, is not designed to keep one alive inside for very long.  
 
The jump took too long  way longer than the standard seven seconds  and thats how I know. Theres no dial, no way to tell when you arrived, but then again, the machine brings you
to the designated date and time and never fails. Almost never.  
 
Ive jumped hundreds of times, perhaps more than a thousand. Thats my job, I retrieve information from the past. But today, I jumped for myself, abusing company-owned equipment. Dumb idea. I needed to check on a memory, a moment in time, years ago, one that would help me get the perfect present, for her. And of all days, I misjumped today.  
 
I dont even have to look outside the vessels tiny window to
know Im done. Although Im still lying down, closed up in
the tight safety chamber, I feel light. Very light. And
thats not a good sign.

When youre dealing with the entire length of time  billions of years  youre dealing with a whole lot of nothing. Weve only been here for a painfully tiny fraction of that time. And I know from training that when you misjump, you misjump randomly.  
 
I do the math. The Earth has been around for some 5 billion
years. The universe, 14 billion years. So the chances of me
arriving at a time the Earth exists are about 1 in 3. Humans
have been around for 200,000 years. Chances of me seeing a fellow Homo sapiens ever again are 0.0014 percent. Im not sure how long the Earths atmosphere has been kind to humans in their current form. A few hundred million years? Thats a solid chance. One percent, maybe. Id sign up on those odds, now. 
 
Yes, Ive jumped hundreds of times, but on a cosmic scale, I
barely moved. In most cases, jumping farther than a couple
hundred years back is pointless, not to mention increasingly
dangerous and unpredictable. Most of my jumps have been
months. Some, years. Once, I jumped two hundred years back. I
heard about a guy who jumped three thousand years into the
past, a company record. It involved an Egyptian mask, and
according to the legend, it was a forgery. A lot of money for
something thats worthless, and a lot of pain to the peddler
who had guaranteed it was genuine.

But even that jump, to the universe, was a blink. Like observing the movements of a microbe on a kitchen table  from our perspective, the wretched little thing is standing still.  
 
I sigh. I press the button, and the chambers translucent cover retracts and sets me free. Yeah, Im light. With my
hand, I do the tiniest little push against the bottom of the
chamber. My heart sinks as my body floats up. I claw at the
edge of the chamber in panic and pull myself down. I prefer
not to know for a few more minutes.

I try to think of scenarios where theres no gravity. Im not
sure how the machine lands in the right location  extremely
complex calculations, probably, involving planetary orbits
and the eternal race of planets, stars and galaxies through
space. It doesnt really matter now. There is no good
scenario, here. I touch the vessels shell, and its already
very cold. My breath is a fog. Soon, itll be as cold in here
as it is out there. The vessel will automatically return to
the present in 24 hours. But I dont think I have that long.
I cant really see out the vessels round little window from
here. I let my body rise up, then push myself towards the
window.
 
I havent been lucky. Im in space, floating in what seems to
be an endless sea of dust and debris. To the right, if I
press my face to the glass, through the haze I can see a
blinding light, a disk of pure fire, two enormous beams of
light rising up and down from its center.

The vessel is cold because outside, its probably near
absolute zero. And Im not in the wrong place. Im in the
right place, but theres no Earth yet, it hasnt been formed.
And I will freeze to death soon. A tiny bubble of water
floats away from my face and sticks to the window.

Last year, I forgot about the presents. There was
no arguing, but the dinner was spent in awkward silence. It
was not my first time.

Its funny. My job is to go into the past and retrieve
information. It makes memory obsolete, at least in cases
where theres a lot of money involved. All those jumps made
me distrust memory, scoff at it, even. Fishing for broken
pieces of information from your brain is so passe, now that
you can go back and observe what really happened. But memory
is still pretty damn useful for remembering what date it is.

This year, I planned to do something special. There was a flower, and a dish, and a bottle of wine, and a scent in the air that night, and it was all perfect. I wanted to replicate that, I wanted everything to be exactly as it was then. So, I did a little jumping on my own, at the companys expense. Dumb idea.  
 
I take one more look through the window. The vessel seems to
be slowly spinning around its axis, and I have a better view
of the disk of light. It's a hundred times brighter than the
sun, but probably not very hot; it hasnt really become a
real star yet. It will take a lot of time before fusion kicks
in and it becomes the star we know, providing us with warmth
and energy. Right now, its millions of tons of gas and
debris, flattened down by gravitys spin, but not the Sun I
know.
 
I was never a fan of lights and fireworks, but now I gaze at the biggest firework ever, a spectacle on a cosmic scale. No human has ever seen what Ive seen.  

Well, merry fucking Christmas to me.