Die Hero
Sebastian2203
As the dust comes down, I unpack my rifle and set my eyes on the gunsight.

My comrades do the same, we watch the defending force stare at us, awe struck. 
We can start firing right now, so can they, but maybe the time has just slowed down and I am unable to realize it. My blood comes to my ears and I can feel my heart beating, if I wasnt wearing my sweat-absorbing uniform, I would be probably dripping in sweat. 
In split of moment, someone from our ranks breaks the gasping silence by burst of bullets.

Everyone including me reflexively does the same and we see the other side flash with light of their guns before their bullets come at us too. 

Space dividing us and them turns into solid wall of bullets as we exchange lead. Some take cover, some fall dead but no one of us is coward enough to not take part in this fight. 

Their defense is very strong, they have advantage in numbers yet it does not affect me. I am not even able to think about it, as I am busy with bloody duty of doing my job.

Eventually, in my interest for my own life I take cover too. For second I am able to realize my surroundings, I even dare to think about the outcome of a fight.

But the horrible thought of doing nothing while my comrades die on the line haunts me and makes me peek out of the cover. 

I eliminate another head which stumbles upon my line of fire, yet the fear strikes me again. I fight with it, I cannot fall as a coward. 

I remind myself of how many times I doubted myself, and how many times I managed to survive. The pure ego of my skill, the hope of victory keeps me mentally afloat, above cover, shooting the unlucky defenders of this planet. 

If I was born few hundred years ago, I would thank god at the sight of friendly aircrafts devastating the enemies in-front of us, allowing us to march forward with shocking order.

But I was born at this time and age, I thank the Emperor, I put my respect to the pilot which has dropped that bomb.

At the end of a day, corpses are collected, houses burned and my credit reward is given. 

But no wage will reward me more than the concrete fact that I am alive, able to live another day.