Last stop
Dark_Interval
As the warp drives disengaged, the light show around the ship has scattered back into the background radiation of the cosmos. The spacetime curve was no more and we found ourselves in the neighborhood of Gaia - an Earth like planet in Delta Sagittarii system - the last bastion for the refugees of a dying race. Right as we passed one of two Gaia's moons, the planet was open for us to inspect.

"I've never thought that humanity will meet its end in the pioneer colonies..." said the engineer to me as he turned the positron capacitors off.
"A tombstone near the falvas ain't that bad, considering the situation."  I awkwardly joke, trying to dissipate the grim mood of the statement. 
The engineer chuckled and then as he finished discharging the capacitors, he sighed with a pain in his heart and walked towards the pilot cabin. 

Pretty much as all pioneer colonies, Gaia was abandoned by colonists for more than a millennium now. I really never understood why though, as far as the first colonies goes, it was a gem - like Earth in the past, this was a cradle of life and apparently still is. Considering that there was no human activity on the planet for a thousand years or so, life here flourished even more so. First thing that greeted us on the surface were the towering plant life we called falvas - they looked more like flowers than the trees of Earth.

Upon landing near the derelict port, the sight was saddening to say the least. Only a few dozens of the refuge fleet ships have landed before us and I'm pretty sure we were the last ones to leave the world of Liro before the machine mind cleansed it of all human life that was unable to escape 

The sad state of the situation left me weak at the knees so I decided to rest against the gigantic trunk of falva. There must be more of us coming. There's no way we're the last ones!  I said out loud.

Don't get your hopes up, kid. After this long, the chances for the lost ships to return are next to none. It's most likely that either the machinas caught up with them or their warp drives worn out and malfunctioned before reaching Gaia said the engineer as he too was resting near me. Considering the condition of our ships we can't run much longer. This place, for you, me, everyone here, may be the last stop. I'd advice you to spend these last days wisely. - he stood up, brushed the dirt off his pants and took off towards the campsite.

Last stop These two words sank painfully in my mind. Humanity's last stop And on a natural world, none the less. As my mind gets stuck on this notion, it slowly drifts away and I find myself once again deep within my thoughts, trying to understand how did this came into being. And then, suddenly one word came from the abyss of my mind: Immortality! Of course!

The Machine mind was our answer for it. Once we conquered matter and thus life through conquering space, we thought we could stop time and thus death by conquering the mind. And so we did. We built machinas that were artificial shells for our intelligence to inhabit. And once the first humans merged with the cold metal of machinas, all we got was silence. A new race was born that did not wish to speak to us. Only show their intentions through actions. And their first action was forceful transference of humanity towards the machine mind. No choice was given, no reason. Like a tumor it kept multiplying at the expense of humanity. Machinas were like an event horizon of intelligence. Unknowable and unstoppable.

For some, this seemed like a salvation. For us it was a death sentence. So we fled. Whatever machinas were, they, in our eyes were not human and never will be. But no matter how far youll run, how many laws of nature youll bend to your will, time will catch up eventually...

Is this the ultimate price our species have to pay for our past mistakes? Or is this just the way nature has always worked? Error after error, that eventually builds something that surpasses you with flying colors? Whatever it may be, seems like end comes to all and humans are no stranger to that. Even gods die, by the hand of their creation. Guess I can at least take comfort in that.

I stud up and took a long good look towards the sky. Because of strong magnetosphere, the planet hosted magnificent light shows of the borealis even this far away from the poles. The sunset towards the horizon let other stars to finally shine through the atmosphere. Once I finished admiring the skies of Gaia, I too decided to go to the camp.

The last day of humanity on Gaia was marked by the rain of fire and metal, as the machinas entered the atmosphere of the pioneer world. It is time to greet our visitors one last time
