Off the shelf
StanleyScience
Jack's mind had turned to mush. The lab was dark and everyone else had gone home.  He thought about going back to his dorm too, but why?  Stay here or go back, he would be no closer to finishing what he was working on.  And exactly what Jack was working on, and had been for a surprisingly long time, was finding love.

It started out so simply, so many years ago.  Jack had even obtained a modicum of notoriety among his friends for writing it.  A simple text-based game that had grown in popularity among the nerds and was easily ridiculed by most everyone else.  Jack thought the idea had been kind of clever.  It didn't ask you to go on a quest or fight through a dungeon.  No, after inputting basic user information, it tried to give back and make the user happy immediately. You were supposed to be talking to a girl.

There were flourishes of passion, although it wasn't meant to be erotic.  His friends giggled sheepishly as they egged each other on to type something just a bit more risqu. Jack liked to think it was the company and the emotional intimacy he enjoyed best.  Although at the time he only possessed a simple teenage understanding, eventually he believed in those things more strongly and, many years later, he wanted love as well.

Quantum computing was just beginning to take the tech industry by storm when Jack was a senior in high school.  Sure he kept up with it, but it just always felt a little...off.  Certainty was one of the things Jack enjoyed most about programming.  Write a statement, enclose something in brackets, and call a function; it didn't matter, it was all deterministic.  It was all predictable.  It served as a perfect outlet for Jack to distill his intellect and creativity and have fun.  Maybe Q-Comp would carve out a niche somewhere for a very specialized application, but all of the serious, general-purpose computing would carry on as usual.  Jack wanted to sharpen his skills before graduating, and devoted most of his waking hours after school learning all about scripting.

Oddly enough, the "Data Spill" occurred only five days after Jake moved into his dorm.  Some hacker splinter-group (or terrorists, or foreign government, they never found out) had used Q-Comp to crack encryption schemes and breach what seemed like most of the major corporations and at least a few governments.  The "classical computing", or C-Comp coursework Jack had looked forward to during the summer was hastily mixed with a liberal smattering of QC.  Jack's attitude towards this bizarre new world changed from skeptical to annoyed (and finally to frustrated) as his mind was forced to reexamine data and ideas in new ways.

One of his professors understood the real deal and Jack jumped at the opportunity to work in the lab.  And then tenure proved to be a fickle beast when a new QC proponent took over his post (and his lab space).  But Jack had already been accepted, and his grades had been stellar since elementary school (although his latest quiz scores had begun to fall off), and they did need someone to work on porting some of the CC algorithms for the new "ice boxes" (qbits needed to be kept quite cold).

Surprisingly Jack began to find a sense of satisfaction in his work, and nearly four years later he even found it a bit enjoyable.  Although his dedication implied a severely anemic social life, he did make it a point to continue to work on his simulation.  By now his text-based interface was all but replaced by the latest retinal uplinks (direct neural uplinks were still too expensive, let alone experimental and dangerous), and the core components had grown by phenomenal leaps and bounds.  He had even thought about porting some of it to QC, although porting all of the applicable subroutines would almost certainly take years.  Maybe for a PhD?

Despite the almost unimaginable refinement and increased sophistication, Jack still felt dejected.  He could code arbitrary levels of complexity, and generative a repertoire of extremely realistic behaviors, but whatever he wrote, it still only amounted to a reflection of his own thoughts.  He needed something else, something...random.  Something he couldn't predict beforehand.  Something that would complement his own thought processes, instead of merely existing within them.  Whatever he wrote in CC was completely deterministic.  Deep down, he thought QC might be the answer.  But the ice boxes were still incredibly expensive (three orders of magnitude cheaper than when he matriculated, mind you), and even then the physical interface, programming and debugging would be almost insurmountable.

Jack leaned forward onto his desk and rubbed the bridge of his nose.  If only he could bargain his way into obtaining such a QC device that had already been constructed.  Time travel and finding aliens had crossed his mind, but even those opportunities would probably be just as difficult to pursue.  He just wished there was something off-the-shelf.  Jack's mind vacillated between earnestly planning the project and wishing he had never thought of it in the first place.  Defeated, at least for the moment, he applied his intellect to the profound question of whether to go out for drinks or pass out in bed.  Perhaps it was due to the QC mindset he had begun to foster, but for some strange reason Jack decided to be spontaneous.

He met Jennifer 30 minutes later.