The Final Frontier
frankz0509
This is it: the pinnacle of scientific endeavor. The Interquadrant Research Consortium, made up of the smaller scientific councils from the Alpha clusters through Zeta, have finally finished doing the startup checks for the Superspace Collider: a much larger version of the primitive humans' Large Hadron Collider. Whereas the LHC spanned a few acres underground, the SSC took up the entire perimeter of the Taurus Cluster and the Virgo Supercluster (collectively known as the Origin Superspace). It was incomprehensibly massive.

The goal of the SSC was to once and for all put a finger on the exact readings of the Big Bang. Everything would be answered: how the Loop Superstate Theory (the grandchild of the earlier Quantum, String, and Supersymmetry Theories) actually works when the macroscopic world merges with the microscopic reality, how subatomic particles behave under immense energies and infinite densities, and what actually happen inside singularities.

"Hyperflux capacitors at full." announced the voice over synchoquantum radio. "Ready to fire."

"On my count, Launch." replied Main Hub. "10 -- initiate tori pulse magnets."

"ITP green."

"7 -- release electron gates."

"ETG's unlocked."

"5 -- power-down inhibitor cores."

"Cores down."

"3... 2... and 1. Fire."

The universe shuddered. Since the entire body of the SSC was contained within an enforced kiribrium shell, the monolithic machine looked as calm as it had ever been from the outside. But the sighing of spacetime was unmistakable: the path of photons began to bend around the SSC's huge donut body, making the installation look like it was being stretched inwards.

"Give me readings, Telemetry. Diagnostics, status checks now." Main Hub announced over SQR.

"All seem... optimal, Main. The energy return metrics are well within expected parameters." replied Telemetry.

"All right, roger. Diags?"

"I'm detecting a massive gravitational shift, Main. Not sure where it's centered -- triangulating now. But we might have to shut down immediately, otherwise this might --"

And with just that, the entire universe fell silent. The SSC ripped spacetime at its seams, opening a black hole so massive, it began to devour everything within its radius -- which was well over the size of the known universe. Within a quattuorvigintillionth of a second, the universe collapsed into a single superdense and infinitely energetic particle: a singularity.

And then the superparticle began expanding, producing massive space filled with extremely hot plasma. In a few seconds, it cooled enough to form scattered gaseous nebulae. Years later, the nebulous clouds began to clump together and form primitive galaxies -- among them a humble dwarf star with eight planets.

---

A few billion years later, CERN Director-General Rolf Heuer congratulated his teammates as the LHC set a new record for hitting the 1-PeV mark. He beamed with elation and confidence, and wondered just how big the machines that would succeed LHC in the future would be.