World's End
frankz0509
Avidan put his hand as a marquee above his withered brows, looking far into the golden horizon. Finally, his ship was nearing the Eternal Falls, and once and for all they would be able to see what lies beyond the end of God's creation.

Deep grey thunderclouds loomed above, warning of an impending storm. Avidan paid it no mind, after all, what's a bit of rain and wind when they are this close to their goal?

As the ship slowly crawled through the foamy carpet of the sea, Avidan felt his heart growing more and more restless. If they succeed, their group would be the first to see what the elders have deemed unseeable. The elders have argued that it is beyond the will of God for them to witness the seam at which the fabric of their reality intertwine with the vastness of God's own realm, and that to even try is foolish and ultimately futile. Previous voyagers have failed due to a multitude of reasons: the most prominent one being the battery of impossible storms.

But Avidan came prepared. For months, he plotted all the known land in a sheet of linen, carefully marking the boundaries of Man's Land and painstakingly measuring distances as ship-paces. Through experience, Avidan could predict with confidence where the next storm might materialize, and towards where he should steer his ship to avoid a disastrous outcome.

By nightfall, the crashing sound of the waters falling from the edge of the Falls was growing louder. Avidan could not sleep a wink. He could not rest his eyes for fear of missing the greatest sight man could ever hope to witness.

"The end is nigh!" Avidan announced. Loud footsteps approached him from behind as his crew joined him to see world's end.

The push of the sea grew stronger. He commandeered his ship with the strength and precision of a seasoned seafarer, brisk at tugging his wheel and snappy at ordering which sails to adjust and rudders to pull.

And then there it was. What the ancients called the cosmos, the vastness of God's realm. Stars as bright as the sun littered the dark void from the sky, all the way down to the lowest depths at the foot of Eternal Falls. The crew of Penuel held its breath as the ship slowly plunged down and was swallowed by a seemingly endless abyss.

---

Avidan woke up drenched, but very much alive. His whole ship was intact, and his crew was scattered all over the deck. He could not understand what had just happened. Surely, they've made it down the falls, but wherever he looked he could only see the timeless marriage of the sea and the sky, and the horizon far beyond.

Were they simply back to where they came from? Was fate playing a cruel joke on them? It can't be.

Avidan heard a faint but noticeable bubbling behind him. He turned to look.

A whirlpool. They must have been spewed from there when they hit the bottom of the falls. But it makes no sense: things only fall down, they can't 'fall up'.

But the evidence was clear, and all other thoughts Avidan had were completely destroyed. They were back somewhere near Man's Land and just as the elders have predicted, God did not want them to witness what was for Him and Him alone.

---

They threw their anchors and prepared to alight the ship. The port was familiar, for it was the same port that Avidan had sailed from some years ago, when he left Man's Land from the east side. But something was completely different: the granite bricks of the port walk were covered completely in moss, almost as if time had kissed Man's Land and it instantly aged. They were only out at sea for a mere weeks, but the port looked it had been untouched for decades.

Every structure stretching from the far north all the way down south looked just as old. Weathered cobblestones littered the dirt paths, tall green vines have embraced the familiar palm trees, and the breeze felt cold and much unlike the familiar dry whisper of the ocean.

And it was only when Avidan met the town chief that he realized what had happened: when the elder man introduced himself as 'Efrayim, the great great grandson of Avidan, the legendary seafarer who made it into world's end.