Ice World
ho-tron
Alone in the continuous winter darkness, an isolated shelter resisted mercilessly against the superior pressure of an Arctic storm. Huddled together inside were twelve captives of this unseen force. These were the surviving crew of the secretive TESC (Trans-Europa Terra-forming Cruiser), code-named: Snake Gully. Time, once so important during launch procedures, had become unquantifiable in the endless night, they had no way of knowing how long they could hold on. Anxiety had been growing within the single room of the shelter as the contents of each salvaged supply pod had been consumed, and food stocks declined. Presently only one unopened supply crate remained. The frostbitten crew dragged this meagre lifeline into the shelter two days ago, during the daily supply-scouting mission. Although battered by the impact caused by the emergency ejection from low earth orbit, along with the crew during the failed launch, it's structural integrity remained intact. 
 
Commander Sundei took out his crowbar, and began to loosen the clasps. Part welded from the heat of blast that destroyed Snake Gully, Sundei wrestled violently as the others watched, expending much of the remaining energy he had left. 
 
"This one's putting up a hell of a fight" said Sundei breathlessly, partly to diffuse the rapidly increasing tension in the shelter.
 
Candles and torches began to flicker and point towards the centre of the room. "This one should be rationed more sparingly, it's the last crate, who knows if there are any more out there" croaked a voice from the darkness. 

Another, fainter voice wheezed Weve scanned the impact zone many times over, if theres anything else out there, its either been smashed to a thousand pieces, or buried by the drifting snow. Our only hope is a company search ship. 
 
As the storm relented briefly for a few seconds, a barely perceptible murmur of resigned consent passed through the shelter. Minimal energy was being used by all. At that moment the lid of the crate fractured open, sucking in the bitterly cold air from the room to fill the vacuum within. Those who could still move shuffled closer to gain a better view.
 
Almost as soon as the container was opened and light entered, the starter circuits of a small-automated drone could be heard to hiss and spark against the frozen air. At first it fumbled against the metal walls of its temporary vessel. Then, as it's small antenna-like scanning probe computed new contours the climbing mechanism and build protocols engaged. Twelve gaunt, stunned faces watched open-mouthed as their final hopes of survival scurried onto the frozen wooden floor of the shelter. With an almost imperceptible pause, the construction drone made a final scan of the room: all atomic structures within view analysed in a few seconds. Once preliminary scans were complete, airflow sensors picked out the only exit, through which the drone planned and executed its escape route, into the Arctic night. 
 
Moments later, Sundei and his crew, beholden to this curious entity, jostled for position around the only window. A small green glowing dot in the distance cast a trail of frenzied movement across the still raging blizzard. Tracing out what appeared to be vast symmetrical, geometric foundations, the drone worked without pause, and to the bemusement of the starving crew.
 
The company had concealed their true intent; the crew had fulfilled their mission by surviving the launch explosion and unknowingly testing the ejection module impact stability. As planned long ago, construction had now begun. Upon tracing the foundations, the company drone turned towards the dim orange glow of the shelters window: the only source of building material for thousands of miles.  Every last atom would be broken down and repurposed, nothing would be wasted, the iron roof, timber floor, used containment vessels and the starving inhabitants would become the companys first test structure in the Arctic. Weeks later scientists from the companys research team would approve the structure for their covert maiden voyage to Europa. 
