Volume 2 - Fruits of our Labour
Commander_Varc
It had been over a year since the war had started, however it felt like moments bad passed since the first battle had commenced, Varc thought to himself. Looking out at the vast array of ships at his disposal a swell of pride in his chest, the ranks within his corporation had grown at a dramatic rate once word spread across the galaxy of their victories. Other well-known corporations had approached him as to not get on the wrong side of the war when it entered their regions of space, it would appear that fear is power after all. The corporation had grown so big that a major investment was made, and a Titan class ship had been purchased, it was the corporations flagship and it was about to make its maiden voyage with the commander at the helm.

Marcus, how are we looking Varc snapped.

All systems green commander and ready to go awaiting your orders he cheerfully replied.

We were about to make our first hyperspace jump, the best thing about capital ships is that we dont have to waste time with everyone else taking jump gates through space the destination system, we can travel through wormholes point A to B in a millisecond and enter the fight. 

Commander the beacon is live and the signal has been sent, Commander Makin is requesting immediate assistance the enemy have bought a capital fleet as support. I would tell you as usual the odds are not in our favour, however I know you will not listen.

Broadcasting all capital ships; you will be anchoring on the flagship once we commence battle, jump to the broadcasted beacon in 3, 2, 1, JUMP, JUMP, JUMP.

The adrenaline was pulsing through Varcs veins he had never committed as much as he would today he was looking for a swift victory. A flash of light filled the bridge and the whole landscape had changed. Burning wrecks of ships were all around them the sensor arrays instantly filled up with hostile entries.

Time to get busy, broadcasted dreadnaught is your primary, carriers enter triage and take aboard any heavily damaged vessels, dreadnaughts enter siege and super carriers are green for launch of fighter squadrons Varc commanded in a swift order.

The command channel crackled to life Commander Varc, thank the goddess you have arrived what are you orders? Commander Makin asked shakily.

Merge your fleet into our communications channels commander and anchor on the flagship, call your own primary targets and our triage support will do its best to provide your support, lets finish this

The enemy capital fleet was quickly being removed from the field, any ship that could escape was trying to do so, the titan was tearing through ships left and right nobody could believe the firepower that was being produced. As the fight was coming to an end the enemy fleet commander was heard saying:

The darkness shall swallow the land, and in its wake there will follow a storm, as the appetite of nothing expands over the world, the ship should be called Bringer of Darkness as all it has bought is darkness and death.

Varc smiled to himself at the thought, and so it was named XXXI Tenebris, loosely translated from the old language to Bringer of Darkness Flagship of Guardians of Eden. 
