An Address.
SJ-Sathanas_80
It is coming, it has set it's collective sight on our arm of the Milky way. Even as I make this entry, it is wasting no time, the swarms of cold, shadowy, vaguely organic machines are coalescing from the dark womb of our galaxy's center. Anomalous objects are being sighted in the outer colonies, we know, we will not tell them.

 We will arrange for a formal alliance with our sentient counterparts from the Sirius system, put our combined industrial abilities into overdrive, pretend we have a chance. We will put the Sentience Preservation Program into effect on Earth, I cannot reveal the details to Sirius. Whether they have authorized or created anything similar is not under our control.

Make no mistake, our worlds will burn and our people will die, their relativistic plasma beams will cut their runes into the surface of this world and all the others. Our fleets will be overwhelmed by the dark swarms of medusoid drones that move effortlessly as one. And at the end of it all, when the last ship vents her atmosphere into the void and when the last soldier is reduced to atoms, the reasons for it all will inevitably elude us.

So that is why the Sentience Preservation Program has a second purpose, along with storing Human DNA and the automated facilities to "rebirth" our entire species in the very possible case that no survivors remain. We will also place hidden caches of technology, weapons and vehicles, even the knowledge needed to create dimensional shift drives for interstellar travel, the one thing we will not give them is any record of the past.

We will not allow our children a glimpse into our struggle for the right to exist, though they may gaze upon Earth's newfound fused glass canyons and wonder, even give them names, they will not immediately know their true origin. We intend to let them rebuild new civilizations on Earth, and eventually across the stars as we did, let them explore and learn to embrace the cold nothingness, inevitably they will decode our fate on their own.

How we ran for the horizon, only for the cold unfeeling ocean to swallow us whole, and perhaps they will swim to the shore, perhaps they will find a way to push back at the darkness. But most importantly, they just might discover the reason, the reason we are hunted, the meaning of the scars they inflict on our worlds.

I have just received an emergency signal from Polaris, multiple unknown hostiles enroaching upon all Human and Sirian presence in the system, push status to red, alert all fleet commanders, it is here.