The Weight We Carry Ch 15
RegalLegalEagle
It's amazing how much easier it is to write when I'm not interrupted! Then again I suppose that goes for most everything. Stupid life and it interrupting me whenever it feels like! Oh well. Here's the latest chapter!

[My Stories](https://www.reddit.com/r/HFY/wiki/authors/regallegaleagle)

[My Patreon](https://www.patreon.com/user?u=2300449&alert=1&ty=h)

[Previous Chapter](https://redd.it/4byukp)

_________________________

Divinity City 2:24 pm local time December 21st, Year 14 AU

I always find it amusing when some people think I was just born good looking. I mean, I was, but not in the sense that I can roll out of bed and look like Ive had professionals do my hair and makeup while I slept. Just like Michelangelo's David started as a slab of rock that had to be crafted into perfection. I was born with a body that was good looking provided I kept working at it. Proper diet, exercise, haircare, skincare, and makeup were all very important. For me there was the added trick of doing all that while making it seem like I didnt.

After all I was in maintenance and as such I wasnt really expected to be this good looking. So when on the job Id add an oil smudge here, or pad my suit to be more lumpy and ruin the natural curve of my body. At times I also made sure to stay up extra late, get little sleep, and not wear any sort of makeup to help give myself that wonderful undead zombie look. But today I was supposed to look good so I would. I wasnt going to go overboard with the makeup. Id make it look like I was wearing a bit, but keep it understated. That sort of fake no makeup look that is in fact very tricky to get right. 

I already knew Id be wearing my black pants, red top, and leather jacket that he had first seen me in but I was looking over my shoe selection as I tried to think about what I wanted my shoes to say about me. I finally decided to go with my red and black tennis shoes. Kind of a funny name. Tennis shoes. Id never played tennis in my life but I sure had a number of shoes to play the sport in. Or I suppose some people called them sneakers. Why? I didnt think sneakers were great for sneaking but they were better than other shoes. One day. One day Id get an excuse to wear my classy black heels again. Cost me a weeks pay but they had this gorgeous little red lotus flower on the toe that was just perfect.

Once I had my shoes on and tight I had one final test for my outfit. [I cranked up the volume on the song](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cUQ_Kg1L0nc) I was listening to and began dancing around in front of my mirror. Truthfully this was probably my favorite song of all time. I stepped out of line. Out of sight, and out of mind. My thoughts distorted in the haze of desire! I was far from my best! Tried too hard to impress! But you were never quick to call me a liar.

Then ignoring the threat of being reported by that nosy neighbor I turned it up even louder, making sure the music was filling the room and I could feel the beat in my chest for the chorus. Im in love with my own reflection! Woo! And I feel like I could dance forever! Im in love with my own reflection! Woo! I can hardly keep myself together! Im in love Im in love Im in love woo! Im in love Im in love! Woo! With that all I could do was dance around like the idiot I knew I was watching myself in the mirror as I did.

I might be an amazing spy and intel asset but I was well aware that I only had one style of dancing. And that was dancing like no one watching. The song was more than just proclaiming my love for myself to the world. It was part of an album that I had listened to with my family before the invasion. It was a connection to my life as a child when I didnt have a care in the world and all the warmth and love a family could provide. I could close my eyes while I danced to the song and pretend the last 15 years had never happened. I could imagine my brother dancing next to me looking like as big of a goof as I did. My mom bobbing her head while she read and my dad showing us all how it was really done as he moonwalked in his socks and showed us the bright future of the 1980s with the robot.

But soon the song ended and I opened my eyes once more, unable to hold back a giggle as I saw that big grin plastered to my face in the mirror. However after I turned the volume down on the next song I looked myself over in the mirror. Nothing looked too out of place and I still looked good despite having danced like a nut through the song. So my look passed the test. I nodded and turned off my speakers as I made sure I had everything I needed. Phone, wallet, knife, throwing knife, lock pick, thumbdrive just in case yeah that should be everything. Wait! I moved over to the fridge then and opened it up to pull out the single crisp red rose I had wrapped in tissue, tucking it into an inside pocket of my jacket. Id have to be careful as I walked for a bit.

All set I looked into the mirror and nodded. Sexy. Mysterious. Sexy. Mysterious. I repeated. I wished I had a music player. They didnt allow phones to do anything but call people anymore. Security risk supposedly. I could groove all the way to the festival and keep myself in the perfect mindset if only I had the ability to listen to my music while I traveled! Oh well. I shrugged and headed to the door, practicing my walk a bit. Sway, but not too much. Make it look good. But dont make it seem like I was specifically trying to make it look good. Subtlety. That was the key.

Once I got to the door I paused. Was I forgetting anything? I did a quick mental checklist and shook my head before stepping out and locking the door behind me. I headed downstairs then finding it a little odd to be exiting the Hab block through the front door like a normal person since I was so used to using the fire escape. But once I was outside there was Kerry looking like her normal cheerful happy self. That is to say she could kill a puppy with that scowl of hers.

Sometimes I wondered if me acting bright and cheerful especially pissed her off. Maybe thats why I was always so happy and cheerful around her? I smiled wide at the thought. Hello Kerry! Wonderful day for a festival isnt it? The old woman glanced at me and for just a moment I thought I might get struck by lightning.

Just grand. She muttered and walked around to the other side of the van to get into the drivers seat.

You look lovely today. I said as I got in. New haircut? New jumpsuit? You simply must have done something with your nails. I was holding back a giggle when she started up the car and nodded.

Got laid. It tends to put a glow in my cheeks. That made me blink and lean back a little, frowning slightly as I tried very hard to not picture anything involved with what shed just said as I fastened my seat belt. Several different questions ran through my mind that I wanted to ask and I couldnt help but stare at her for a while until she started driving and spoke up once more. Im seducing a mark for the resistance.

You are not! I gasped out unable to stop myself. The thought of the Colonel ordering Kerry the most ancient human being still alive to seduce someone! I was both mortified and insanely curious.

Oh what are you saying I dont have the chops to seduce someone? Huh is that it? She growled out sounding angry and I got more flustered, feeling my cheeks flush.

N-no I thats not I was just I thought I saw her smirk for a moment and stopped as I tried to think this over. Wait, are you just messing with me?

Because of course Im just messing with you! Theres no possible way Id be given a task that involves seducing someone would I? She sounded angry once more but I was on to her and I just stared at her until she grinned. Yes, Im messing with you. About the mark part. I did get laid though.

I couldnt help but grimace once more at the thought. There was something utterly wrong about this old lady saying it like that. Alright I believe you on that count. I hoped that would be the end of it as my curiosity was quickly being trumped with disgust? Was I honestly disgusted? I suppose I was in a way. I mean I honestly hoped Id still be getting laid when I was old ugh even in my head that sounded gross. At what age did sex go from being good fun to being a gross old person activity? I was already thinking about it too much.

When you find a guy at my age who not only knows exactly what he wants but isnt afraid to give you what you want? Its a wonderful thing. I nodded slowly at that trying to still not think about it.

Mmmhhhmm. Was my noncommittal hum in response.

Hell this one is still strong enough to pick me up and slam me into the wall. From her wicked grin I was sure she was making that up but I had to close my eyes and try to mentally purge the image.

Okay I need you to stop. I rubbed at my closed eyes with my thumbs as if I could gouge out the visual memory.

Speaking of, did you make sure to bring protection today? By now Kerry was aware of who my mark was.

What? Yes I brought my knives. I opened my eyes and looked over to see her staring at me. What? I was confused for a moment with how she was staring. You know I cant tuck a gun into this outfit! Look at it! And besides hes a mob boss! If his bodyguards spotted a gun theyd freak! Im good enough with my knives that theyre more than enough for this. Kerry frowned as she looked back at the road but she didnt say anything else.

Are you going for the flower trick again? She finally asked and I nodded.

Of course. Its effective. Speaking of I opened the glove compartment in the van and looked for the hand warming packs. I grabbed two, one for each jacket pocket and crushed them till the packs inside popped holding them in my hands as they started to get warmer.

You really think that works too? She asked and I nodded.

Social engineering. Warm hands, warm personality makes someone like you faster. That was just one of the little tricks I had picked up. I had my own supply of hand warmers because some nights up on the rooftops I needed them just to get my fingers warm enough to work but also for this very reason.

Back in my day all I needed to do was wear the lowest cut dress I had and make sexual innuendo puns to seduce my mark. I clenched my eyes shut once more as I refused to picture what she was describing.

Well, this isnt about sex. I need to form a meaningful, deep, and lasting relationship which I can leverage into a useful position for the resistance. But even so this guy isnt into the sort of thing you mentioned. So even if it was only about seduction Id go with my current plan. Kerry glanced over at me looking a bit surprised then.

Love? Youre crazy girl. An agent shouldnt mess around with that sort of thing. Its an easy way to make assets unstable and unpredictable. Which is very dangerous. Just fuck him a few times and go the causal connection approach. I frowned and made a face when she spoke about it so casually.

First of all you said love not me. Second of all its my mark, and my body so Im going to do what I want with both. Hes not that kind of guy. Ive done my research. A mob boss that powerful and handsome? He could have a flock of cheap floozies but he doesnt. Because he isnt drawn to a purely physical connection. Im setting myself up to provide him with a relationship more rewarding than hes had possible in the past. Its a sure thing. I nodded then confident in my course of action.

Maybe he just likes expensive floozies? Kerry asked which made me roll my eyes. We slowed down then as we came up on the gate heading out to the slums. The traffic coming in was much worse than what was heading out. We were quiet as we rolled up to the checkpoint and handed over our IDs to the tincans manning it.

Manning it. No one ever womaned a checkpoint did they? Womaning. Womaning? I shook my head a little to clear it. Reason for exiting the city?

Were attending a festival as representatives of the Maintenance workers guild. Kerry told the tincan who looked over her ID. I looked up at the one who had my ID and noticed he was holding my ID at such an angle that he was most likely looking at my chest and not the card.

Whats my eye color? I asked and the soldier next to the van leaned back a little.

Uh. Heres your ID citizen. Proceed. He toss the card onto my lap and turned away as the other one handed Kerry her ID back as well. When we drove through the gate she spoke first.

Well that tincan certainly seemed interested in starting a meaningful, deep, and lasting relationship with you alright. I rolled my eyes and shook my head a little.

I swear the tincans are the worst. When I headed over the wall to fix that power junction and a patrol showed up they had an officer with them. A human one. That just stood around chatting me up! Said that it would be good form for us to get to know each other as what was it? I squinted a bit as I tried to remember. Like fraternization between Unity employees was encouraged.

Kerry laughed out at that and shook her head as she drove us through the slums to the base of the New Hope tower.  Have you seen any women tincans? She asked and I thought it over for a moment before shrugging.

Not that I remember? But theyre all in armor so maybe I have and just didnt know it? That made her look thoughtful for a moment and then she shrugged.

I was going to say theyre probably sex deprived and since youre in maintenance they think youll be easily impressed with their position of power and strength. After all they have guns. I laughed at that thought. It did sound a bit like what that officer had expected. Look at me Ive got a gun! You should be attracted to me! Did that honestly work for any of them?

Its like animal mating rituals. They strut around with bigger and bigger guns in the hopes of attracting a mate. I mentioned which made Kerry laugh again. She got quiet after a moment though and seemed thoughtful once more.

You know, I personally blame that music you listen to. It makes you too narcissistic.

What? I gasped out, since her comment seemed like it was straight out of left field. I never played baseball. Why was that phrase what came to mind? Because it was straight out of left field. Even now I stifled a smirk at my own little joke inside my head.

You know which one I mean. About how you love your own reflection. A good agent needs to be willing to get dirty for the cause. I laughed then unable to take her too seriously right now, which might be her intent.

Hey, high self esteem is a good thing. I just know how to temper it. Besides if I dont love myself how can I expect anyone else to love me? And the thing about being me? Theres a lot to love. I hugged myself then and she laughed so I figured she was indeed just poking fun. She was just parking the van then so we got out and I stretched a little even though we hadnt been in there very long. It was just a habit.

Okay, call me when youre ready to go or if you dont need a ride back tonight. Ill let you know if I find a man and youll have to get your own ride back. I just shook my head as she grinned.

Dont forget to have fun. I added and she nodded at that as we headed into the festival. I hadnt been here last year but Id heard good things. The lights and snowflakes strung up across the street already made me smile. Without being Christmas themed it was pretty Christmas themed. Alright snacks, cookies, pastries, wow lots of food. Games oh my. Carnival games. Had someone kept these booths around since before the invasion? Or did they have to go out and make new ones? In this day and age where Earth was occupied by alien forces people still handed over their money for a very small chance of getting a cheap doll in return.

Wait cheap doll? China was only making things for Unity these days I couldnt help but get curious about the origin of the toys despite being sent here on an important mission for the resistance. I approached the nearest game. A ring toss. The toys didnt look like they did when I was a kid they looked better? It was odd they looked a little less drab. Likely because bright neon dye wasnt a priority for the Unity. But the stitching looked solid and all in all they looked well made. Hey. I nodded to the guy staffing the booth.

You looking to try and win something little lady? I arched a brow at that. I was fairly sure he was younger than me.

Where did the toys come from? He looked up then, confused for a moment.

Uh Someone gave them to me to hang up in the booth. Did you want his name? I shook my head at that.

No I dont mean where did you get them. I mean more like where did they come from? They arent made in China are they? At that he had a look of realization.

Oh! No. They were made by the Clothiers Guild and were provided to the festival by the generous Mr. Vitruvio. I nodded at that. Seemed like the Architect didnt just use his power for personal gain. Did you want a go? One chit for one try or three chits for four. I shook my head at that.

Thanks, but maybe later. I pulled away from the booth then. I did plan on winning myself something but I wanted to find the Architect in question first. I watched the crowd as I began to wander around. People looked genuinely happy. Even though plenty of kids and even adults were losing hard earned chits to the games just like I expected no one seemed really miffed. That was a little surprising right up until I saw why.

A kid had just failed to get anything with a whole stack of rings at a ring toss and she looked upset but then the operator leaned down to whisper something to her, gave her one more ring, and moved one of the targets much closer. She tossed it out and it snared on the much closer target as hoped. The operator cheered out and then handed her a toy from under the counter. It was smaller than even the lowest end of the normal prizes it looked like but it was still a stuffed animal that the girl had won for herself. She looked ecstatic and rushed off to show her family.

That was just brilliant. I was positive that the cost of that little stuffed animal was less than all the chits shed just spent trying to get one of the bigger ones and yet she still felt like she had won it. They probably had some sort of threshold for attempts before they made it easier and you got to win something. No one went home empty handed. Smart. After I thought of that I began looking at the various snack booths. Anything with lots of salt was cheaper than the regular treats, but they had free water ah. The water was stored in metal containers and was likely ice cold. So after some of that youd be more willing to buy a nice expensive hot treat or drink.

It was interesting to pick apart a festival like this. Clearly the families who had come were having fun and didnt mind spending the chits on the treats and games but it was engineered to maximize profits, and reduce costs while ensuring that they did indeed still have fun. Oh they even had a raffle There were some varied prizes on the list and ooohh mystery boxes. How many kids would toss their allowance of chits at the chance for a mystery box? Never mind that mystery boxes usually had the cheapest stuff hence being called a mystery box and not listed as a specific prize.

Then I saw what had to be the best idea of all. They had gift packs for kids 12 and under courtesy of Mr. Vitruvio and the New Hope Tower Project. His smiling face plastered on the side of the bags that they were handing out. He was buying good will en masse while likely turning a profit on this entire festival. It was hard not to notice how many of the treat station people wore volunteer buttons but none of the game booth operators did. Attention all festival goers! The cookie decorating judging is coming to a close! We have a winner!

When I heard that announced over the speakers I headed towards the competition. I figured he would be there and sure enough I saw him up on the stage then with the other judges. Then I saw the cup he was holding in his right hand. Whatever was in it was hot enough to steam. My hands curled around the hand warmers in my pockets reflexively when I saw it. As contestants came up hed change the cup from hand to hand always making sure he held that hot cup for a moment before shaking their hand. He knew the trick. I smirked.

I stood off to the side of the stage as they began to announce the winners for each category and instead of watching the stage I watched the people at the edges. There were his three bodyguards. One at each side to watch the steps up to the stage and another at the back scanning the crowd. They looked professional and experienced. So he took his personal security seriously. I wondered how that would impact my attempts to get close to him. Would one of them realize what I was up to? If they did what would they think?

I kept walking off to the side, curious to get a look behind the stage though it was hard with the boundaries of the street set up like they were. Then I noticed a dark skinned woman talking on her phone that made me pause. Helen Surette. What was she doing here? I looked up, eyes scanning the rooftops of the nearby buildings. I caught several silhouettes for just a moment. But they werent tincans. It looked like a guys in great coats. Maybe the Architect was providing his own security for the event. Why hadnt I been paying attention to security? Shit.

I started to scan the crowd then and saw another man in a great coat facing me. When he saw me look he turned away but he had been the only person in the crowd facing me while the others watched the stage. Looks like I had a tail. Was that good or bad? I studied the man for a moment from my peripheral vision. Dark hair, nice coat, subtle bulge in the fall of the jacket around his right shoulder. He was armed.

As I watched he reached up and lifted his hat off his head for a moment before adjusting it. A small gesture but too practiced to be random. I looked back at the stage and the bodyguard at the edge tugged the front brim of his hat down then turned to face the middle of the stage for a second. I couldnt see what sort of sign he made with his hand since it was on the other side of his body but I noticed the bodyguard in the middle with the soviet looking coat nod just a bit. They were getting close to the end of the winner announcements when he stepped forward to whisper something to the Architect.

Just as he did the man started to turn his head my way. I took the opportunity to reach up and clearly wave at him just as he looked in my direction. When he saw that he seemed to blush and looked away. Buuussted. So he was looking for me. The bodyguard nodded to something he said and backed up once more. He reached up and appeared to scratch his chin but he only used two fingers. Some sort of sign. The guard at the side of the stage clearly brushed the front of his chest and I saw the guy in the crowd who had been watching me turn and walk away.

It seemed like now that he knew I was here hed called off the tail. Perhaps my meeting with him that first night had been more impactful than Id thought made my job easier. Once the final winner was announced he got up with the other judges and began to head off the stage. He stopped though as Helen came up from around back, apparently done with her phone call. He took a moment to introduce her to some old woman I didnt recognize at this range. Once they were talking he started heading my way once more.

The bodyguard with the soviet coat who I was just going to call Boris for now handed him the cut from earlier which he took as he then started to make his way along the edge of the crowd. He waved to some of the people and paused a bit to talk with a few others. I thought about leaving then, seeing how hard hed try to not make it obvious that he wanted to get to me. But I decided against it. Instead I focused on my usual mantra around him. Sexy and mysterious. I am the embodiment of sexy and mysterious. 

Finally he got close and smiled at me as if only just now recognizing me. Well, hello if it isnt the anonymous smoker from the other night. What brings you around here?

I arched a brow at that and I saw him blink as he likely realized how that sounded. Well, I heard there was a festival. So I decided to come check it out. He nodded at that and laughed nervously.

Well I suppose I should have guessed that. Let me start over again. Hi. Maybe I should introduce myself. He extended his hand then, but he hadnt switched the cup to the other hand so I took it.

Oh thanks, what are we drinking today? He froze then as he realized his second mistake.

Uuhhh. Hot water. I arched my brows at that and he coughed before continuing. With lemon. Its good for the throat. I do a lot of talking at events like this so I think its important to make sure my throat is clear and relaxed. I nodded slowly and then popped the lid as he reached out for a moment and then pulled his hand back and tugged at his collar.

I looked inside at the cup full of hot water. Theres no lemon. I said as I looked back up at him. His eyes went wide then.

There isnt? Well geeze! Good help is so fard to hind these days! And it was such a simple order! I laughed at that and stared at him as his own smile faded and horror overtook him when he realized what he had said. I just arched my brows again and took a small sip of the hot water waiting to see how hed try and play off his word fumble. As he stood there, silently I finally spoke up.

Yes, good help is fard to hind indeed. He nodded then.

Oh so you know that Italian phrase too? I couldnt help but laugh. Ah, charming. He was rolling with his mistakes and obviously flustered. This might be the nicest mark Id ever had to get close to. I found myself genuinely liking him. Though I knew Id be careful not to like him too much. That was a bad idea for an asset. Alright, time to see how much he wanted me to like him.

Well so far I think this festival is just... splendid. I made sure to isolate the word and pronounce it a little louder than the others. Really emphasize it. I think youve done a splendid job setting it all up. This time I didnt emphasize it so much. He smiled though and nodded.

Well I cant take all the credit for it. I just knew the right people to put together and they did the rest. Theyre a great group of people. Well organized and good at their jobs. Aside from whoever took my drink order. He added at the end which made me smirk. I put the lid back on the cup and handed it over.

Well, I think you did an especially good job rigging the games. He looked a little surprised and shrugged.

The games arent rigged! Theyre just challenging! Takes a bit of skill to win. Why, did you want your chits back because you couldnt win a prize? He looked curious more than anything.

No. I shook my head. Ive just been watching. Though Id like to see you win one of these non rigged games. I pointed to my trap then. The one shot milk can booth. That was a classic. I knew hed played baseball. Like that one.

Oh well thats no trouble at all come on Ill show you. He puffed up then, likely wanting to be the big man and show this dainty little flower what he could do. I followed him then as he marched over to the booth.

Mr. Vitruvio himself! Care to win a prize? The operator asked.

I sure do my good man! Even as he reached the booth he turned to his side to lean against it, feet aimed my way. A good sign.

Well you know better than most. One chit for one toss, or four chits for five tosses!

Well, I used to be a good baseball player so I think this shouldnt be too hard. One toss. He pulled a chit from his coat pocket and set it down. The operator nodded and handed him the softball he backed up then and gave it a nice underhand lob and it hit the edge only to bounce off.

Ooohh sorry Mr. Vitruvio. The operator reached out for the chit but the Architect quickly set his hand on it.

Ah wait. Can I just give you three more chits and go for five full tries? The operator looked from the Architect to the bodyguards I knew were behind us.

Sure thing! The Architect pulled out three more chits as the operator set out four more balls. Yet toss after toss and they all came very close. The last one actually bounced up and I thought it was going to land right back down into the hole but it hit the edge wrong and missed. I smiled as I saw the annoyed and frustrated look on the Architects face. Thats some tough luck Mr. Vitruvio He seemed like he was about to say something else but it trailed off so I spoke up.

Ill take a toss. They both looked over at me with surprise as I set a chit on the table. The operator just shrugged and handed me a softball which I carefully palmed and then tossed underhand, but gripping it from the top so I could give it a bit of back spin. It was also a light gentle toss with as little arc as I could manage. And it tapped the back rim and plopped right in.

What? The Architect gasped, clearly surprised but the operator didnt hesitate as he cheered out.

Ooohh and we have a winner! Got a toy for the pretty lady with the good aim! He started to head over to the toys but I shook my head.

Double down. He shrugged and handed me another ball.

Okay, get two in a row and you get a bigger prize but if you miss you get nothing! I knew how it worked but he likely had to say it anyway. I once more tossed just like I had the first time. Gripping the ball from the top. Backspin. Lazy soft toss, with little arc. And in it went. Ooohhh two in a row! Got a lady on a hot streak! Will she go for three in a row and the biggest prizes weve got?! He didnt even wait as he handed me another ball he knew I would. And yet again I tossed it just like I had and in it went for three in a row. 

Wooooo! Winner winner winner! The operator rang a bell then and tossed his hat in the air before grabbing two more from under the counter as he juggled them. We have a hat trick ladies and gentlemen! Three in a row from the pretty woman in the leather jacket! He tossed the three hats into the air then before managing to catch them all on his head, wearing all three. Which one will it be? He asked as he walked over to the side where the largest stuffed animals were.

Damn that was some splendid shooting. Ah there it was first use. Bit awkward but not bad.

I leaned over then to nudge the shocked Architect with my shoulder. So, which one?

What? Uh why are you asking me? Its your prize. Whichever one you want. He shrugged but I just smirked.

No. Which one do you want.

Me? I could see the surprise clear on his face but after a moment he focused a little. Ill take the bunny.

The bunny? I was surprised myself. Why?

Because I want the bunny. He said that very matter of fact before shrugging. Why what did you expect me to choose? I think the bunny is just splendid. I laughed and shrugged myself. There was the second use. Fit a little better.

Thats a good question. I suppose the bear. I answered then as I looked at the animals. Certainly not the unicorn. It just wasnt him. Then again I hadnt expected the bunny either.

The bear? Do I look like a fat lard butt who pigs out and sleeps through the winter being unproductive? I laughed as he looked hurt but I was sure it was just an act.

So then what does the bunny say about you? I asked.

That I want a stuffed animal thats cuddly. Youre putting too much thought into what the animals mean. He mentioned and I laughed again. I did like him. It seemed like he had no trouble rolling with the situation.

The bunny. I told the operator who nodded and pulled the giant stuffed bunny off the wall as he handed off to me before I turned and gave it to the Architect.

Just what Ive always wanted! He shouted out which made me laugh once more because of just how well he sold the excited voice. It might be harder than I thought to keep from connecting with him as more than just an intelligence asset. Alright, well since youve clearly mastered this game what about that one? He pointed then to the game across the way. It was the milk bottle topple one.

I dont know the trick to that one. I confessed.

Trick? What trick? You just have to knock some heavy bottles over with a baseball. He insisted.

Oh, so youre ready to show me how easy it is? I asked and he seemed to think it over a moment before walking across the way to the booth and slapping a chit on the table. Then he handed me the bunny. I grinned as I held it and watched him take the baseball before going into a very serious windup. When he threw the ball I could almost swear it whistled as it hit the gap at the base of the milk bottle pyramid and sent them flying.

We have a winner! The operator chimed in and I had to stifle a laugh when the Architect looked and me and wiggled his eyebrows.

Ah, whos the winner now huh?

Okay you can throw a mean fastball. I conceded and he chuckled before looking up at the prizes.

That splendid fox my good man! Use number three. The booth operator pulled the stuffed animal from the wall and handed it to the Architect who then traded me for the giant bunny.

Youre not going to win me a bigger one? I asked and he frowned at that.

Hell no. I let out a shocked laugh at his reaction while he continued with a smile. If you want a bigger one you win it yourself.

After I won you the bunny? I asked.

Well it was your mistake if you thought Id return the favor. He claimed and I smiled. Then he extended his hand to me. You know I never actually introduced myself.

I know who you are. I giggled a bit and waved towards the station with the gift packs for the kids. Youre Marcus Vitruvio. Your name and face are plastered all over this place. Did you honestly think I didnt know who you were?

Well I guess I was just hoping that youd return the favor and introduce yourself. He shrugged with a rather guilty look on his face. Now was the time for my secret weapon. I reached into my jacket pocket then and tugged the single bright red rose out, but made sure to tug it free of the protective tissues so I just pulled it out bare.

Im Rose. I said and handed it to him. He took it gently in his hand but before he could transfer it anywhere I leaned up and kiss him on the cheek. Thanks for the fox. Just as I had hoped his hand tightened around the stem when I kissed him and he hissed in pain as the thorns dug into his hand. Oh shit. My eyes went wide. I began to project out then. Surprised concern. Surprised concern. One hand went to his chest. Youve got to be careful. Roses have thorns. I turned then and handed my fox to one of the guards before making sure to hand off the bunny as well.

Its okay...  He muttered and tried to delicately hold the flower in his other hand now looking from me to the blood coming from the puncture wounds.

Here Let's get you cleaned up. I took him by his wounded arm then, leading him to one of the aid stations I had looked for earlier for this very reason. The rose was also laced with a very mild amount of toxin that would spike his adrenaline glands. Nothing gets you closer to someone than adrenaline. He was quiet as I lead him to the aid station and with the help of a medic got his hand cleaned up and wrapped with a bandage.

Once it was all wrapped up he slowly closed and opened his hand, hissing slightly in pain. So now that youve finished trying to kill me I laughed. Even now he was still fairly charming. What are your plans tonight? I know some great places to eat around here.

I dont know seeing as you picked a bunny you probably just like restaurants with salads. Im not exactly an herbivore. I had to tease him still.

Actually bunnies have been known to eat their young. I think that makes them omnivores. I blinked at that little fact.

How surprisingly horrifying. Should I be concerned that you too are surprisingly horrifying? He looked surprised at that question and looked concerned for a moment. He might be trying to decide how much I knew about him. The life of a mob boss had to be complicated. More now than ever with the Unity in charge of the planet.

Something tells me that Ive got more to worry about you than the other way around. He finally said and I laughed.

So youre not a fan of roses then? I asked and reached for the flower which he was still lightly holding in his uninjured hand. But he pulled it back from me.

I never said that. In fact I think roses are splendid! Use number four. He was making an effort to use the word he thought I liked. I might prefer flowers that dont stab me but at least it let me find out you arent afraid of a little blood. He smiled while I stared up at him wondering when hed realize he was concerned a girl might be afraid of blood. Then his smile faded as his brain caught up with him. Right blood monthly Im an idiot. He looked up then and shook his head as I laughed out.

Uhm Boss. I do hate to interrupt. I looked over as one of the bodyguards spoke for the first time since Id been around them. But you probably should check the time. The Architect looked at his watch then.

Fuck. Sorry. I need to go. But Ill be free in a few hours. Uhhh Here Ivan get this in some water. He handed the rose to the guy in the soviet style coat and I held back a laugh. So Boris was really Ivan. I had been so close The bodyguard carefully took the flower and wrapped it up in a handkerchief. Handkerchief. What a weird word. So will you be around for dinner?

I nodded. You go do whatever. Ill let my ride know not to wait for me. That made him smile.

Great! Ill Ill see you soon. How should we meet up

Well since youre having me tailed I figure Ill just wait for you to find me again. His eyes went wide.

Whaaaaat? I wasnt having you dont be so paranoid I just stared at him and tilted my head a little. Yeah alright Ill see you when Im done. Its been very nice meeting you Rose. And no disappearing into a dark alley this time. Promise? I nodded.

Promise.

Okay. Well He took a deep breath and looked around. I need another cup of hot water He glanced over at me then looking guilty once more. With lemon.

Be careful. Like you said good help is fard to hind these days. I replied.

I get it. You know Italian. No need to keep using the same phrase. He let out a mock huff and I laughed as he rather awkwardly started to lean forward towards and then stopped as he likely wasnt sure if Id allow a hug or anything else. So he straightened up and raised his bandaged hand. High five! I smacked his hand as hard as I could with my eyes focused on his elbow. And he let out a pained laugh as he shook the hand. Nngghh good one! Youre quick. He grimaced and slowly opened and closed his hand once more.

See you later bunny boy. I winked at him as he walked away then. The bodyguard who had my fox handed it off before leaving with the Architect. With him and his bodyguards gone I smiled and thought about my chances of success. Well, it might not quite be a sure thing. But I was fairly sure this was a sure thing. One mob boss and Architect soon to be in the resistance's pocket.

[Continued in comments.]