Blue Skies
ascandalia
I met him on Zora. It was a mining colony on the backwater end of the third arm of the milky way, on a little rock just too small to be a planet, and far enough from a red star to be covered in ice. Under the ice, though, were some heavy elements that are worth a lot. There arent many planets like this. They say it bounced around three or four solar systems, shredded by supernovas each time the star died, but thrown far enough away to fall back into a planet. It happened to get captured by a new star each time, and it brought all the heavy stuff from the last star collapse. And that brought all sorts of species out to the mines, even my owner.

Thats how I ended up at the dead end of a cold blue-grey metal hallway, a mile below the surface where ice fades to rock, cornered by a group of spiky Erand thugs. They knew by my species that I probably had money, and that I was probably defenseless. The species that ownsused to own us never saw fit to give us any protection. Why should they, when they'd hold us accountable for anything stolen. I never felt so alone, cornered under that flickering dim light, knowing Id get beaten not once, but twice for the money clutched in my talons. Thats when Jean-Claude stepped around the corner. 

I had never met his species before, but he stood tall, almost as tall as the Erand. His skin was as dark as the rocks, and there wasnt a trace of feather, fur, or hair on his body, not even scales, just skin. There was something about him that struck fear in the Erand. They postured and screeched, Jean Claude never said a word, he just stepped forward and they skittered away, through the ductwork on all four claws like mewling hatchlings. I almost ran too, but I was too afraid, glued to the floor, as he walked toward me, teeth bared. Then he did something no other species has ever done, he stooped down to help me up.

I bought him a drink, I had some money left over after he walked me to the shop, and my owner would probably have tipped him anyway for keeping me from damage. But more so, I wanted to get to know this "human" that sends Erands clicking away. He sipped the golden drink slowly, savoring every drop. As I would come to find out, he rarely got the chance to indulge in anything beyond basic rations. He told me how he came to work the mine, hoping to retire before he reached his thirtieth year on the fantastic salary promised to miners, return to earth, and help his family. Too late he realized the mine owners control all the supplies, rooms, and entertainment on the station, and they arent generous. He had been working on Zora for three years already, and he had finally saved up just enough for a ride in a cargo ship back to earth.

Earth sounded beautiful. He was from an island called Haiti, in the middle of a blue-green sea. It was poor, but it was his home, and even in another species, I could tell he ached to return. Maybe he wouldnt return wealthy enough to provide for his family, but at least soon enough to see them again. He had a sister with three kids who was alone, her husband died on another mining colony just like this one, and he was determined to find a way to make it back and take care of his niece and nephews. 

He had just dripped the last bit of his synthesized tea on his tongue when he asked me about my home. I looked away, ashamed. I didnt love my home, I couldnt. I came from a breeding colony, taken from my mother as soon as I had hatched. I was given to a trainer who whipped my fragile limbs until bones broke and deformed so that I would never be able to fly. When I had survived to full size, I was sold to my owner, who traded a crate of fruit and two battery packs for me and another honed. He was a tall old bleson, and he was kind enough. He gave me a sleeping perch all to myself, and made sure I was well fed, more than most honed can say, but hes old, and when he dies Id be sold again, to who knows what kind of creature. 

My gaze had drifted across the room as I spoke. When I had told him my story, I looked up to see Jean-Claudes hands gripping his empty glass, his knuckles white. He pulled out a chain from his pocket with a clip of small stones attached to it, and pressed it into my talon, then he pulled me up from the table and began walking me through the halls. We walked for what seemed like an hour until we had reached the supply bay where ships were loading ore. He spoke urgently to a few of the Coran traders until he found one who would be stopping by earth. 

Thats when he stopped, and turned to me, kneeling down again until his face was level with mine. Would you like to go to earth? he asked, baring his feather-white teeth again, in what I had learned was a kind gesture.

I looked away again, I cant leave, I belong to he cut me off before I could finish, No one belongs to anyone. No one knows that better than we do. He spoke kindly to me, but anger burned behind those dark eyes. You get to earth, you tell humanity about what they do to you. I dont think they know...
I bowed low, trembling with fear. Id be beaten for this for sure. I dont know that I believed Jean-Claude when he told me humanity would help our people, but after a life time of hopelessness, I knew I had to try, if only not to let down my first real friend.

In the long month in the cargo hold of that freighter, far away from Jean-Claud and his stern conviction, doubt overcame my hope again. How could they not know? I wondered. I had never heard of a human before, they were new to the galaxy, but our oppression was an open secret, technically illegal, but too profitable to put a stop to it. I tempered my expectation, only daring to hope that maybe, if I wasnt sent back, I could join the beggars by that blue-green sea on the shores of Haiti, and maybe try to find Jean-Claudes family, to help them in his stead.
I landed in a port outside of a place called Houston. When the cargo door opened, the hot, wet air finally drove the chill of that icy mine out of my bones. I had never seen the sky before, on any planet. It was a beautiful shade of blue, like the ocean Jean-Claude spoke of, and for the first time in my life, I thought about what it would have been like if my wings were not broken and I had learned to fly. I felt free, as I stared into that welcome abyss, until I looked around to see that I had drawn a crowd. Sure enough, few aliens had made it to earth in the four years since they ascended to the galactic community, mostly Coran and Solta traders, I was a new sight.

I wandered for a while, as I saw humans loading and unloading cargo, baring their teeth at me and waving their hands. Some were dark, like Jean-Claude, some were cream, and every color in between. Apparently some did have hair, but only on the crown of their heads, and every human arranged it differently. I followed a crowd getting off of a passenger ship standing in line until I found myself in the office of a kind human with silky-golden hair named Linda. She listened to my story, and in her earth-sky-blue eyes I saw the same kind, burning anger that I saw in Jean-Claudes. She excused herself, and made several phone calls. She got me a room for a night, my very own room, and even arranged for a perch to be made for me. She offered me the richest food I had ever tasted. My favorite was the mango, which she informed me with a smile was grown in Haiti. After a week of kind treatment by Linda, I was introduced to the Human Ambassador, a man named Dimitri who kept his grey hair short, in a half-circle on his head. Being the first of my species to arrive on earth, I was granted the title of diplomatic representative, my very own home, and an office. 

The next year was a whirlwind of speeches, meetings, interviews, and travel. I was given platform after platform to tell my story, until nearly all of humanity had heard it. When humanity arrived at their first galactic council, they were the first species in history to present a condition for joining the council: eliminate slavery in the galaxy. The uproar was tremendous, as species that traded slaves screamed threats, and species that purchased them sat in cynical silence. The humans spoke on, decrying the hypocrisy of a galaxy ruled by a senate that had both outlawed and tolerated slavery for centuries, a senate which had a creed of freedom for all sentient life, and a fuzzy definition of free, sentient and life depending on convenience. 

They had unknowingly struck a chord a long time simmering below the surface. One by one, other species rose up in agreement as Dimitri spoke, telling the story of humanity, so often given to the vice of slavery, even enslaving one another. Humanity, fighting wars again and again, killing for the right to enslave one another. Humanity, who learned the lesson long ago, no one belongs to anyone and would not need to learn that lesson again for a new set of anyones.

Then, with the room silent, some seething in anger, others stirred to their very core, Dimitri nodded to me, as I stepped up to the stage. Boos and hisses from the Lado slavers were cut short by Dimitris burning gaze, the same gaze from Jean-Claude that sent Erands scuttling away down an icy metal hallway, but it no longer filled me with fear. After a year on earth, the humans had filled me with that same fire, so long quenched by slavery, and I was ready. Dimitri handed the microphone to me, as a special guest of the human delegation. I told the crowded, silent room my story. Dimitri moved to admit my species to the galactic senate, and nominated me as their representative. No one expected it to work, I had been coached to expect the worst, and I did. I was so certain the crowd would leap to the stage and tear me apart that I had nothing to say in my acceptance speech. All I could do was stammer, thank you, Jeane-Claude. Thank you, Linda. Thank you, Dimitri. Thank you, humanity. I..we owe you everything. And thats when it hit me, I wasnt just free, so were my people.

Wars raged for a decade afterward. The Lado, Errands, Holt, Bleson, all broke away from the galactic senate, and formed the confederated galaxy. Humanity was on the front line, though barely out of the stone age by comparison, giving their lives to end our peoples slavery. And never, would they accept my thanks, you owe us nothing, they owe you freedom was the only refrain I ever received. 
Zora was glassed in the war, the Lado were using it for their last stand, and had dug in particularly deep. I was assured all the civilians were evacuated, but Jean-Claude was not among them. 

I served an eight year term as my peoples representative to the galactic senate, oversaw the establishment of our own home planet, and even spent five years there, establishing a society from scratch with a people who never knew what it meant to be free until we met humanity. And now that I have served my people, I would like to take my family to earth, to see our second home, our second people, our closest friends. To see that blue green ocean, and that poor, rugged island where mangos grow. Now that my daughter has hatched, one of the first honed to be raised by her family in our peoples memory, Id like her to learn to fly in the blue skies of earth, over the blue-green waters of Haiti. Maybe Ill finally find my friend, the one I owe everything. But I bet I know what he would say, nobody owns anyone, they owed you freedom.  
