[OC] Dunedain
Karthinator
So today I was randomly thunderstruck by one hell of a throwback of a memory. This is the result.

---

The general alarm sounded. They had expected this station to be the first to be attacked, but it was MUCH too early. Not a single species from the galactic military had its promised forces at the station yet. Those that had some, but not all, of their soldiers there were not even close to being logistically prepared, with those supplies present at the station still completely unorganized.

There was even a lesser known species who'd literally only managed to send three individuals to the station, claiming that their military forces traveled in bulk and that these three were only insurance to prevent things from getting out of hand until the rest could arrive.

Xanthar was unsure how three from one of the most physically unassuming species in space could help defend a blade of grass from the Savagers, never mind Forward Staging Station Alpha, the largest, most sprawled out military logistics station that existed this far away from civilization. 

So, it was Station Security that Admiral Xanthar of the Zreel Hegemony called upon to form a defensive line at the only airlock that they'd presented to the Savager fleet for them to enter through. Classic micrograv chokepoint. The artificial gravity would only activate to any individual that entered through the airlock. Breaching would turn it off entirely, negating the possibility of using the decidedly ground-based weapons the Savagers used. They had no space tactics. They had to use the airlock. 

But they compensated by sheer force of numbers. No matter how tight the chokepoint was made, no matter how small the airlock, the Savagers had always overwhelmed it. To date the Savagers had never lost. Turning off the artificial gravity meant no escape for anyone, effectively forcing the station to be lost. 

The Galactic Council knew of no other strategy to use. It may not work, but chokepoints were their best option. Theoretically it could work one day. Nothing else they'd thought of even had that chance.

Station Security knew all of this. When the alarm had sounded, every single individual on board went their equivalent of pale.

They held the line anyway. Nervously. 

Until they were jostled aside from about knee height. One of those new three showed up. Admiral Xanthar's implant labeled him as a male of that new species, one third of his species's entire complement here. 

He double checked his hardware. Was this right? This one was an adolescent?

"They sent an immature individual?" he rumbled rhetorically.

To his surprise, he got an answer. 

"I may be immature physically, but my fighting skills are better than everyone else here combined," he said, gesturing to the StaSec line. "I formally request that you lot all focus on getting everyone out of here, and that we three handle holding off the Savagers."

Xanthar's metaphorical jaw metaphorically dropped. StaSec looked at each other. 

"Trust me," he continued. "I can guarantee success if you let us. Y'all can't come close to that."

Xanthar shrugged. The kid had a point. "One condition. I observe."

The kid acquiesced and StaSec left. Raising his large complicated and overly stylized wristpad, he tapped a few buttons. Suddenly music blared from the station's loudspeakers. Xanthar's metaphorical eyebrow raised. 

"It's just playing here. No interference with evacuation announcements, I promise."

With no response from the admiral, he continued. 

"Have you aliens never heard of rock music? It's one of humanity's greatest accomplishments."

Xanthar's translator couldn't get all the words. No cultural references had been put in the databases, as those were for after the war, if they lived. He attempted to pick up on what he could, to try and understand these humans' peculiar combat strategies. 

The human teenager held his wrist in front of his chest at a 45^o angle, other hand on his pad. "Ready!"

To either side of him, another male and a female, all adolescents, appeared and did the same. 

The lyrics began. *"There's a light, in the distance. See them coming closer!"*

They yelled in unison. "POWER UP! HAH!" They pushed a button, extending their arms to their sides in a fluid movement of force. Suddenly their standard civilian jumpsuits glowed white.

*"With the force of ages, centuries gone by!"*

What the hell was happening? What sorcery was this? It sure as hell wasn't science.

The three backflipped easily, not even coming close to the high ceilings for species much taller than them. When they landed on their feet, right elbow bent, heads down, they each suddenly had a stronger jumpsuit on, one red, one blue, one yellow, each patterned after what looked like different creatures. When they looked up, helmets materialized literally out of nowhere. 

Xanthar couldn't believe this shit. "What the fuck is all of this and why are you doing this to me?"

The music seemed to answer. 

*"Protectors of the right, defenders sworn to fight!"*

A few lines didn't translate. He noticed that, in addition to their fucked up, tactically unreasonable attire, they suddenly had useless looking staves ornately decorated with the features of their respective primitive beasts that looked far too much like the Savagers themselves, with each weapon colored to match their garb. 

*"Save us from these evil forces, win!"*

They knelt alongside each other and attached their weapons to each other at seemingly random points. As staves they were now too cumbersome and unwieldy to be remotely useful in combat, never mind what would happen if they got within melee range of those beasts. 

Xanthar vaguely recalled a guarantee of success. He scoffed at the thought. What could these ridiculous upstarts do?

The doors opened. A Savager poked its head out. The ornate decorations of the beast at the end of the staff clusterfuck opened its mouth. 

Was that a barrel in there?

A massive bright yellow energy blast erupted from the conglomeration of staves, hitting the Savager square in the face and causing a nonsensical explosion in the airlock. Random bodies comically ragdolled into space.

What the hell was happening?

*"Power from within! Victory is ours forevermore!"*

The three of them got up, jumped out into space, and then tapped at their pads some more. Xanthar swore to the Gods he wasn't supposed to believe in, literal sunlight coalesced to form mech-beasts that matched the color and style of their weapons and outfits. 

Nobody would believe this shit. He made sure the station cameras were recording this bs and then began mentally drafting his letter of resignation on psychiatric grounds. 

Just as soon as they appeared, large sections of each beast rotated and the three combined into an even bigger humanoid mech with a red tail as its left arm. It swung the tail-sword, another wave of energy emanating from it out of nowhere. 

The music crescendoed, earlier lines repeating, as the Savager fleet vaporized without anything close to a fight back. Another nonsensical explosion from the mech, and it suddenly disappeared, the three humans reappearing in the station. 

Xanthar was speechless. 

The music reached the end of its track as the three high-fived. 

The red one spoke up again. "I am so glad we added the theme song!"

The yellow one agreed. "Yeah, that was way cooler than last time!"

With a flash, their suits were gone. They were standing there looking like civilian adolescents. There was absolutely no trace of anything that had just happened but for the massive smiles on the humans' faces and the complete lack of anything Savager.

Xanthar couldn't help but demand an explanation. "What kind of war-mongering overly flashy culture do you have that your military dispatches threats like this?!"

The blue one laughed. "Military? Dude, everything we do is from a children's tv show. We entertain our youngsters!"

Xanthar fainted.

---

[Aliens meet the Power Rangers!](http://www.youtube.com/watch/?v=Xlw_9KhOzs4#Power_Rangers_Dino_Thunder_theme_song) Let's be real, they may be HFY but they make absolutely no fucking sense. 

Dino Thunder was the catchiest of them all, let's be honest. 

0:)

[My wiki](https://www.reddit.com/r/HFY/wiki/authors/karthinator)