[OC] The People's Taste
Dachande663
The tenements stretched beyond the horizon like a festering wound that had been allowed to grow until the prospect of amputation would do little more than sever the organism in half and leave each to wither and die in their own way. This was not the Arcadia humanity had envisioned when they left the First Worlds, searching for contact amongst the stars.

Chris had been born amongst the generations. Nurseries and schools and jobs were organised like a production line and he had fallen through the cracks, eking out a living in the markets that existed between the regulated and the policed. It wasnt simple, nothing on Arcadia ever was, and when things changed it was with a sense of foreboding.

Half a kilo.

Chris stood in the doorway of one of the nicer blocks, high up into the triple-digit floors where there was still natural sunlight if the company-barges werent floating by outside. He held out the package, the little logo hed come up with as a kid stencilled neatly on one corner and waited.

Its getting harder and harder to find this stuff, the owner of the apartment said, appearing a moment later and holding out a wad of pre-union money. He was referring to the cash of course, any junkie on the street could find a supplier of All-chems, as if they were shovelled out on a production line. But then again, only Chris was known to keep it discreet.

Price of doing business, Chris said.

You really need to set up an off-world account. Ive got a friend in Augury who can get you a very good deal on Idris Mons.

Cashll do for now. Hit me up on the Link when you need more.

It was always when. Never if. This drug was coursing through the veins of the city, from beggars to bureaucrats and the only thing that differed were the side-effects. Maybe unification had done something good for once. It was the best source of energy and life in the system.

Chris took the money and left. The security bot in the lobby blinked at him, its scanners picking his face out of a database of billions and finding his presence registered with multiple tenants in the building. It let him pass this time.

Outside, the intra-weather had closed in and the walls of the towers were slick with a rain that fell from clouds out of sight in the gloom. Pulling up his hood Chris set off through the endless grids and the vendors and homeless who lived in the grout lines between them.

Keep walking human.

The voice startled Chris. His aurals had been hijacked, the sounds of rhythmic cyclocussion he listened to and the pip of his  acoustic ranger cut out in an instant until there was only the sound of the streets and the stranger walking beside him. He slowed but the stranger pushed him onwards.

Walk.

You should have waited if you want to rob me, Ive still got half my product.

There was a face beneath the hood and filter mask that the stranger wore, but it was as invisible as the clouds above them. They moved quickly to the side of the main channel through the street and Chris felt the darkness close in when they entered an incinerator inlet between two of the towers.

Lets get it over with, Chris said.

He shucked off his bag and tossed it to the ground between himself and the stranger. Almost instantly the stranger was rooting through its contents and Chris considered running. Hed been mugged before, every one had. If there was one thing about crime on Arcadia it was that it didnt discriminate. Let them take the money and the All-chems and whatever else they wanted. You could always get more later.

It is not here, the stranger spat out angrily. Where is it?

Thats all Ive got man. Take it or leave it.

No no no no no. The stranger started muttering to himself, walking in tight circles. Chris just watched and waited. How many of them lost?

Packages? Theres over a dozen left in there.

No no no. How many have you given out? How many are gone?

I dont know. Five, six maybe?

We go. You will show me all.

Thats not happening.

The stranger moved quickly. Chris felt the breath leave his lungs as he was held against the wall, a slow trickle of water running down the back of his neck. They were beside a lamp now, the strangers hood collecting the light and Chris saw behind the mask.

He saw the snout and the vertical eyes and the scales.

Umyru, he whispered.

The Umyru let Chris fall to the ground and pulled his hood tighter about his head. The power dynamic had fallen faster than an orbital rod into a neutron star.

Where the hell did you come from? Chris demanded.

The creature looked out at the street but didnt run. It needed something, badly, and Chris was its only recourse to get it.

You take me to packages! it demanded.

Hell no.

You take me please!

Whats it to you?

I must find her.

Her?

The Umyru snatched up one of the bags on the ground and tore into it. A few grands worth of All-chem filtered to the ground and mixed in amongst the rain and detritus. The creature held the bag in Chris face and looked into his eyes.

This, us, it said. We, this.

I dont get it. You eat this stuff too?

All-chems were the best food in the system. The big corps apparently only had a limited supply of the stuff and so they paid the police to ensure the black-market version was kept off the streets to keep their prices high. People would pay whatever they could for something that would keep them alive a bit longer. But Chris was nonplussed.

The Umyru looked like it was about to cry.

Your kind. Monsters. Beasts. You capture her, my nest-mate, and you turn her to this!

No.

He laughed. He shook his head. He looked at the All-chem. Chris found his voice lost amongst the shouts of the city. A million people lived within a kilometre of him and yet he was suddenly alone. The Umyru held the package to his chest.

I follow her scent. I need to find her. To spare her your evil.

I didnt Its not possible

You, humans, you are monsters who take and do not think. Will you do me this thing or will you continue burning my people?

-x-

NB: HWTF is allowed right?