The Princess and the Castle.
wooshe
Hes a plumber your highness. The tiny brown toadstool quaked his voice on the border of being incomprehensible with fear.

Just a plumber?! Bowser slammed a well muscled leg into the castles masonry sending striations a few meters in every direction. The lizard kings intelligence officer trembled partially from the shockwave Bowser sent into the concrete and partially out of fear for his own life. This human had been dismantling the Spys and Kings carefully planned defenses for weeks now.

What is he after? Bowser roared. 

He believes he is saving me. Princess Peach glided out of the master bedroom having just been woken up by the King's outburst. With sleep in her eyes she barely acknowledged the terror that was presently having a tantrum in the throne room and moved to retrieve a piece of fruit from a table not so far from where she emerged.

I thought your father and I had an understanding. Bowser turned on her with such ferocity it made the goomba spymaster pass out momentarily from fear. I get this forsaken kingdom to help my people recover from the war, and in return I am forever indebted to the mushroom kingdom. He settled back on his haunches making appear taller than he was normally.

The princess looked at him flatly clearly not impressed with this show of dominance. For all the muscle that Bowser had under his command he wasnt much in terms of raw power when compared to peach let alone the blue overalled monster that was presently destroying what was left of his people and kingdom. The thought deflated Bowser and he returned to his normal size.

Guess he didnt get the memo that I was acting as a liaison to your kingdom. There was a bemused tone in her voice when that last word floated from Peachs lips. Bowser had little to no recourse to deal with this disrespect and so let it slip.

Cant you stop him. Bowser said righteous indignation dripping from his fangs.

We would if we could. Peach took a bite from the peach she retrieved from the bowl no trace of irony on her face. He isnt a soldier and as such isnt acting in any sort of official capacity. We cant officially offer you assistance with this problem either as just offering you and your people amnesty and a place to live has been a PR nightmare for our royal family. Peach leveled her gaze with Bowser a piece of fruit sliding down her throat. You are going to have to handle this Plumber Problem on your own unfortunately.

The spymaster, now recovered, found his courage and spoke directly to Peach a feat the tiny brown creature had yet to accomplish before this moment. How?! His voice shaking with equal parts trepidation and courage. That man is a monster. The 39th mechanized armor division is nothing but a pile of scrap at this point. 56% of our air force is unaccounted for and the remaining has proven to be minimally effective. Our shock Koopa Troopas ranks have been shattered, which Ill remind you are our most well trained troops our kingdom has ever produced. The princess chortled slightly at that last statement. Every regiment of goombas that weve sent have been crushed. Literally. That last recitation of fact had set a glazed look on the spymasters face, the horror of what he just said dawning on him.

King Koopa continued taking up where his underling had left off. He is doing all of this with minimal aid from the local flora. Bowser sighed the stress from the previous weeks obviously wearing on him. Going to war with your kingdom was a mistake. I would give anything to undo that mistake for the sake of my people. I implore you. No. I am begging you. Bowser shifted his weight and got on his knees kneeling before the princess. Please help me save my people from this nightmare. I will do anything.

The princess stooped low to address the pathetic hulk, grabbing his chin she brought his stare up to hers. Tears were gently streaming down and staining the lizards king's face and discoloring the stone underneath next to his sizable claws. The Princesses trademark calm demeanor spread across her face as she gently admonished the creature she was holding. I want you to fight.

Loud screams echoed through the concrete halls of the castle. Boswers elite guard having just been slaughtered, a crimson red leaked under the throne rooms doors just before they exploded into the room. A well muscled man stepped through newly created vacancy in the wall taking bites out of a red mushroom that he was carrying with him. His eyes were glazed over with rage and were bloodshot from the increased blood pressure that came with his new muscles. His clothes were stiff with blood stains, the natural flow the garments would have had werenow being restricted by his new found size and the stickiness of the patina that now covered him from head to toe.

His mustache twitched a exposing a twisted smile. Its a me, Mario. He softly chuckled to himself as he threw himself into a blur across the throne room. The spymaster could not react quick enough and was pulped as Mario aimed himself at Bowser like a missile. The Giant lizard barely prepared a defense before the small plumber barreled into his chest with all the force of an angry god. Bowsers shell cracked from the force and was sent hurtling into the back wall of the throne room. His spiked shell pierced the concrete of the wall sending a large crack shooting upwards to a large ceremonial axe that was hanging as a decoration. The axe was jostled down from its bolted perch its blade came swinging in a neat semi circle cleaving the Koopa Kings head into two neat halves.

Marios mouth twitched into a perverted facsimile of a smile and looked to Princess Peach with all the pride that a dog would of had who just relieved itself on the carpet and had no idea that it was wrong. The Princess put on the bravest smile that she could muster and addressed the clearly deranged man before her.

My hero. She said a tinge of nervousness in her voice. Lets go bake you a cake.