Defensive Fire
TheHoHoPo
The Krtan Ambassador strode onto the bridge, despite his elegant robes billowing around him Captain Holly couldnt help but agree with the crude comparison of some of her crew, he did look like a Rhino walking on two legs.

Pleased to see you could join us Ambassador Akroth , we were afraid you might miss out on the fun! 

Akroth slowly shock his head, Battle is not for fun human, the cost and time of replacing armour plating alone is prohibitive, Im only here to judge your worthiness for the grand fleet.

Before holly could respond the space in front of there ship twisted into unnatural shapes before seemly shattering as a three blocky federation ships slammed back into real space, one heavy battleship and its two cruiser escorts.

Right on time, I hate it when those bastards in Intel are right muttered Holly before raising her voice, Battle Stations, I want to be talking to them two minutes ago

The act of lethargy on the bridge disappeared as the crews actions became crisp and precise, lighting throughout the ship immediately took on a red hue, Akroth could hear an alarm blaring deep in the hull.

Speaking over the communications officers attempts to raise the federation ships Akroth addressed the Captain while gesturing towards the new arrivals with a hand wave, a look of superiority in his eyes.

 Surely you dont mean to engage them, while this may be the pride of your fleet a ship this size doesnt have the amour to trade blows with that 

Holly just looked at the Ambassador Of course we dont have that much amour, however, we cant forget we are the ones intercepting them, protecting galactic borders and all that .  After a brief pause to look at the communications officer still failing to raise the ship, she continued louder, fire two warning shots, see if they are more talkative then.

The ship jolted sharply, once, then twice, as two small streaks left the large centrally mounted rail gun and zipped past the intruding battleship. With a deliberateness that spoke of arrogance they slowed and turned to face the smaller league ship, armored plates rippling across the giants backs as they opened and closed, exposing heat sinks in an attempt to dump the heat in preparation for battle.

We have communication captain, text only, they say stand aside or be fired upon

At this Akroth spoke again, Captain, your point is made, your borders have being stated. Those ships must have meters of armor plating, they could chew through just as much before going down, you barely have 10cms. Any report I make wont reflect badly on the League of Earth, you're outclassed and outnumbered, stand down and live to fight another day.

The corner of Hollys mouth twitch upwards into a smirk, she ignored the Krtan, stating in a commanding voice I want defensive fire only, we arent at war yet, so they have to fire first, please inform them they are threatening a League ship, in League space, and if they want to survive the experience they should power down weapons and leave now.  

&nbsp;

The bridge fell silent, waiting for the response, the ding of the communication station was almost deafening Response received, they refused All eyes went to the forward displays just in time to see the barrels on the enemy ships spew plasma towards them.
 
As the plasma speed across space between the ships it crossed an invisible line, suddenly the space around the legion ship filled with fire. Across the ship gun barrels moved with seemly impossible speed, briefly acquiring targets and firing short bursts before moving on. 

Blobs of plasma found their progress suddenly impeded by a virtual wall of metal, as bursts from several guns struck simultaneously, a cocoon of cooling plasma forming in front of the ship creating a kaleidoscope of colours.

&nbsp;


Just as Akroth started to recover from the shock, several displays flashed in warning as Laser Discharge Detected appeared in Angry red text across the main window.

Brace Bellowed Holly while dropping herself into a lower stance, time seemed to freeze, as the battleships tip glowed then shot a solid beam of light into space, the smaller ship abruptly jumped sideways with a  nimbleness that belittled its size, the Laser missing by centimeters, the cannons never missing a beat as they continued to disperse the incoming plasma with an efficiency that only machines can manage.  

Smiling at the sight of the now thoroughly shocked ambassador, Holly straightened and calmly continued Well then, we have been more then reasonable, its our turn. Fire a pod at the left cruiser."


The already chaotically full space around the human ship suddenly became insanely so as a hundred tiny missiles spewed out the ships bottom and started weaving crazily towards the federation cruiser.
The all watched as the missiles arrived unopposed and the cruiser was bathed in fire, small suns blossoming across its surface, only for it to emerge undamaged, the occasional explosion still spreading across its plating. 

Just as it seemed the explosions would peter out, one of the many open heat sinks was torn apart causing the cruiser to start venting atmosphere. Like sharks with the smell of blood the remaining missiles followed, nimbly diving behind amour designed to defend against large shells, striking exposed heat sinks and embedding themselves deep inside the ship before detonating, causing rippling explosions to run up and down the length of the ship.

&nbsp;

With one ship now unresponsive, atmosphere and crew coming out its the ever increasing holes, the human ship untouchable as it spewed fire at anything that came near it, the space around the remaining federation ships started twisting and buckling as they prepared to jump out.

Two Rounds at the battleship, Bunker busters! Ordered Holly. Seconds later two more rounds sped out of the rail gun, causing eddies in the surrounding plasma. Both embedded themselves deep into the battleship just as reality got sick of the abuse, and allowed it and the surviving cruiser to disappear.

Akroth was silent for a few seconds before starting to speak.

 What just  Holly cut him off with a raised finger, it was only now he realized she was counting under her breath,

What are The finger wiggled, demanding his silence. 
All of a sudden a massive explosion was visible in the distance leaving Akroth blinking away spots.

There we go said Holly, clasping her hands behind her back, she continued They wont try coming through this sector anytime soon. Resume normal running, and start towards home. 

An evil glint entered her eyes,  Now I believe you were saying mean things about my ship Ambassador, I think its time we explained how the big kids play.
