Of Darkness and Monsters
RegalLegalEagle
This is a bit of a dark journey my mind went on today. Sometimes the stories force me to write them and I'm not really sure where they come from. This is one of those times.

[My Stories.](https://www.reddit.com/r/HFY/wiki/authors/regallegaleagle)

_____________________

I remember the last conversation I had with my handler. He assured me that while I was walking through the darkness right now I would soon be able to come back out into the light. All I could say in return was that I wasnt walking through darkness. I had become it. I cut contact after that. There was no coming back by that point anyway. To get close to my target I had to go well beyond the scope of reasonable criminal activity. There would be no pardon. My work would never see the light of day. I wouldnt have a burial. My name would never be known. All Id become is a star on a wall.

I had come to accept that long ago. I had no concern for myself. I had lost that years ago. Along with everything else in my life except for one very specific goal. To catch a monster. But the issue with catching monsters is that we always expect them to look different. Back on earth we seemed to think you could spot one out of a crowd. To somehow magically know who was evil. Like theyd sprout horns and a tail. Or let out some fiendish laughter and sharpen their claws. That the most disgusting looking xenos would turn out to eat babies and try to conquer the galaxy. But that was never the case. Not really. I had learned that early on.

Monsters tended to look like normal people. Be they human or xeno. They had friends, and family. They had dreams and birthdays. They laughed, told jokes, and acted like any normal person would. Most of the time. Most of the time. Being a monster was more about small moments. At least at first. Typically the worst monsters had the best justifications. For the greater good was the most common. But its deep seated. No one wants to be the villain in their own story. Were always the hero. The protagonist. We do what we must, because we have to.

Thats how it works for most monsters. Myself included. I think I came to that realization when I finally forgot how to cry. I knew I should have felt sad. That I should have cried my eyes out in private like I had before after every killing. That I should have mourned the lives I had taken from that family just so I could inch ever closer to my goal. But when I sat in my bunk that night I didnt cry. I just cleaned my weapon and went to sleep. There were no nightmares. No ghosts to haunt my conscious. It was the best sleep Id had in months. The next day he welcomed me to his private crew. 

I had become the darkness. At that point the only thing that separated me from him was a body count. I had killed. Murdered. Assassinated. I had threatened, kidnapped, tortured, and even bombed. There was nothing he had done that I hadnt. He had killed me just as surely as I planned to kill him. The body I inhabited was still living, but truly I was dead. The person I had been was no more. Not for months by now. No one I had once knew would recognize me. What I had become. A monster somehow fitting into the skin of a person.

I had to smile and laugh as he told jokes. I had to nod and agree as he spouted his nonsense about why he did what he did. Why we did what we did. He tried to hide his evil behind what he claimed were good reasons. He made me lie to his face about how much I agreed with what we were doing. That I thought if everyone knew the truth then theyd believe just like he did. I had to take his praise of my actions as if I was honored. To talk about what we did as if were political. And not just the galaxys largest criminal Empire. And I took all of it and more. Because I was dead. Because I wanted one last thing and Id get it at any cost.

I had no clue if the old contact had worked. I guess Id find out soon. I stepped out onto the bridge. He was there with his entourage. Humans and xenos who believed in what they did. True monsters who lapped at his words like they were pure mana from heaven. There would be no heaven for anyone here. I could already feel the fires of hell flickering at my feet. I was so close. So very close.

He was flipping channels as usual. He always did that when he was looking for news reports about his latest works of art as he called them. He stopped on channel 4. The Nuvixan Anchor looked worried and surprised as Breaking News! Was plastered across the screen in the most urgent font they had. Yes its being confirmed as we speak The evidence in the hands of GalPol is being used even now to start dismantling the terrorist network.

What? I could hear his surprise. Hed missed the first part of the broadcast. He leaned forward now and the others could tell something was wrong. He changed the channel but it was on every network. They were all talking about it. An anonymous source inside GalPoll was confirming that the worst criminal empire, or terrorist network was being taken apart even now. But they wouldnt list how theyd acquired all this new intel. I smiled. I was right. No one would ever know I existed. Not really. The history books would just say that I had died four years ago. With my husband and children. I didnt survive the blast. Maybe I hadnt. Maybe I really did die back then.

We were now getting unconfirmed reports that yes The Rulians seven eyes narrowed as he read the information coming across his teleprompter. That he is in fact dead. GalPol ships are on their way now to the supposed position of his ship to confirm if he is within the wreckage.

What?! He jumped up then, and the others did too, all of them shouting and crying and screaming. In anger. Confusion. Shock. Whatever emotion was strongest within them for that split second. But he was the only one who looked around. Who turned back to see me. You! He gasped and pointed finally seeing me standing there in my armored pressure suit. You! He repeated as if he couldnt believe it. Perhaps he couldnt. Perhaps he had believed me to be his loyal and dependable friend and nothing more. Why?

I figured hed ask me that. Part of me wanted to say it was for my family. For revenge. That a mother will never forgive the person who murdered her children let alone her husband. Another part wanted to say that this was justice. For what he had done to all those people both human and alien. Some smaller part wanted to say it was for myself, for what he had made me do. But in the end I said nothing. I just removed my thumb from the trigger I had pressed once I stepped onto the bridge. I would not give him the satisfaction in his last moment of life of knowing why.

The explosives triggered and I felt the jolt in the ship as if it were distant and far away. As if it was happening to someone else. Instead I just focused on him. On his face. He let the air out of his lungs right away as the ship vented into the void. His grip on the couch strong enough to keep him from going flying like so many of the others. He tried to reach out for me, but ten seconds after the vent he was out. His eyes rolling back into his head as he fell unconscious. I stood there feeling the rest of the ship start to rupture and break apart while I remained motionless, held in place by my gravboots.

His body started to go stiff and then convulse and twist before going stiff again. His body undergoing what was known was decompression sickness. The gases in his body trying to suddenly escape into the vacuum that now surrounded his body. Likely snapping his bones in the process as his body twisted and convulsed. I wish he could have been conscious for this. To feel his body start to expand as the water vapors filled his soft tissues to make his body swell like a balloon before they could finally escape with the his blood and every other liquid now turned to gas. To experience what had to be agonizing pain as even the saliva on his tongue would boil.

But he wouldnt. He had simply passed out and would never wake up. I just watched his body float there. I watched things start to escape his clothes as he likely soiled himself while his blood lost all pressure and his physical being was ended after about a minute and a half. It was so short and yet so long to stand there and watch. Everyone on board was dead now. I had made sure that everyone not on the bridge was dead before I came up, and now I had just witnessed everyone on the bridge die. Except me.

I had plenty of air left and there likely was a GalPol fleet headed to this coordinates right now to verify what Id told my old handler. I could very likely survive. But there was no point to it. The xenos had no concept of an Undercover Cop. There was nothing for me but trial and either execution or life in prison for the crimes I had committed to get here. No. I had known this going in even if my handler didnt want to admit it. I thought about the gun on my hip but dismissed it. That was too good a death for a monster like me.

Despite all the files I had sent I had made sure to never include a picture. I hoped theyd never discover which body on this wreck was his. That theyd never be able to connect a face to a name. It was more than not wanting this to be linked back to a human. No I didnt care about that. We knew what we were. It was simply so his face would fade into obscurity with his name. Just like I would. The face of a monster. A monster who would easily have been confused for a kind hearted school teacher. He had gentle eyes. Average build. Good teeth but not perfect. He could have been almost anyone. But he wasnt.

My hands moved up to the clasps on my helmet. I paused as I prepared to open them. I dont know why though. I knew I had to open the seal. I knew what I had to do. It was for the very reason I had forsaken rescue by GalPol. It was the same reason I had been sent after him. Something GalPol would never understand. What the greater galaxy would never understand. In a moment Id pop the seal and become a star on a wall. For one reason. Humans clean up after themselves.
