Mutations in Lockdown - Chapter Two
blablabliam
"Hey, where did you get that?"

Samantha looked up from a steaming packet and gave me a confused look, the vapor rising into the cool cabin air. "This thing? In the front of the storage room. Want me to show you?" she replied. I quickly nodded yes, drooling ever so slightly.

----

"Oh my god, is this what warmth feels like?" I ask to nobody in particular, as I pop open the packet of strange alien soup. I lower my face toward the opening to catch a burst of steam, and shiver in delight. I can feel Samantha giving me a weird look, so I cut it out and eat the soup, scooping the purple chunks into my mouth.

Smiling, Samantha says, "I've never seen someone enjoy Pineru that much before. Most people complain about it their first time."

"I don't know how much time you spent in Black, but I was there there for twelve years. Warmth was at a premium," I tell her, starting to wonder what the purple is.

"As a matter of fact, I escaped before I could spend the night."

I put down the... Pinera? Pinarus? The stuff. I put down the stuff and say, "Be thankful then. I've forgotten what warm feels like."

*tseu*

"Bless you, Samantha," I say, trying to be a gentleman for the first time in years. Funny how things become a habit.

"That wasn't me." Oh shit.

I put down my spoon, and turn toward her, asking, "Did you ever clear the ship? Are you certain we are the only ones on here?" To be safe, I grab the rifle with my spoon hand, swiftly bringing the alien weapon to my shoulder.

Samantha gives me a shrug and a deep sigh as she picks up the stun gun from the table I left my The Stuff on, flipping the on switch in one fluid motion. I make a hand signal to move toward the door, and she whispers, "I don't know three hundred year old sign language. Use your words for now." Nothing feels worse than having someone call your language 'old', by the way. It hurts, more than a little bit.

"I think the sound came from the left side storage room," I say. "Follow me. I'll take point." Samantha gets behind me with the stun gun, ready to back me up at a moment's notice. I step into the hall with my rifle pointed at the rounded doorway, two fingers in the bulky trigger slot of the alien weapon. 

*tseu*

I pause, and listen closely. I can feel my heartbeat growing louder as I approach the threshold, the air pregnant with tension. Five meters, four meters, three meters. I stop again, listening for the unmistakable sound of a sneeze.

*Ch-tseu!*

The sneeze is definitely from the left doorway. I'm close enough to the doorway to hear breathing inside. My heart is pounding on my eardrums, and I can feel the hair on the back of my neck rising. Now or never.

I throw myself into the room, shouting in an attempt to make myself bigger with some good'ol shock and awe. In the corner of the room, a lone Medusa in a white suit is sitting with it's hand on it's face, the other reaching for a box. 

I smash the alien in the face with the but of my rifle, brown blood spattering to the floor. "Weglugallrega!" it screams, obviously in pain. As I pull my rifle up for round two, Samantha yells, "STOP!"

I smack it again anyway, and get rewarded with a splash of brown in my mouth. I push the soft alien against the wall, and spit it's blood on the floor as I hold my barrel to it's neck. "What's wrong?" I ask, the flailing alien screaming what I can only hope to be it's last, desperate prayer to a nonexistent god.

"It's the mechanic, Hooper. He say's he will be no trouble, if you just let him live. He's got a family by the sound of it," Samantha says, walking beside me. "Put him down, he can't hurt anyone," she adds.

"Blergthagao!!!!" Screams the alien, seemingly in agreement, the vestigial tentacles on its head wiggling around like worms on hooks. On second thought, the brown blood dripping from its face tasted a bit like peanut butter. I might try some more later.

"Please, it says it can help."

I relax my grip on the alien, and it slides down the wall leaving a brown trail behind. "How the hell can you understand this thing? That wasn't even a language!" I ask, dipping a finger in the alien's peanut butter.

Samantha taps the blue eye, and replies, "Two hundred years ago, we built language filters for the mindlink systems. I can understand most species, just like they can always seem to understand us. How did you communicate in Black without one?"

"They beat us until we got the gist." Mmm, peanut butter. As I lick the blood off my finger, the alien crawls back into the corner repeating, "Oliga, Oliga, Oliga!" again and again.

Scowling, Samantha responds, "It doesn't matter what they did to you, this alien isn't one of them. And for gods sake, please stop eating the prisoner. That's just wrong, Hooper," she adds, holstering her stun gun. "Can I have a minute with our new passenger?"

"Hmpf," I reply, licking the blood from my lips as I walk into the hall. Might as well keep it around, I guess. It probably knows the ship well, and if all else fails, I have tasty sauce for my The Stuff. I scoot a chair unto the hall, bringing my rifle, spoon, and The Stuff with me.

I put another bite into my mouth and cringe. It's cold.

-------

Samantha leaves the room, closing the door behind her. She looks annoyed. 

"What's wrong?" I ask, hoping she isn't too mad at me. Oh boy, here it comes.

"Why the HELL did you do that? When I said I expected you to be more violent, I didn't mean I wanted you to be more violent!" 

I toss the rest of The Stuff aside, wiping a little purple off my mouth. It wasn't that great anyway. "In case you forgot, we are at **WAR** with the Medusa, Samantha! There is an enemy on this ship," I reply, standing up to match her height.

Samantha makes a confused face, then sighs deeply. "The war with the Medusa was settled three months after you were captured. We have been in peaceful contact with their kind for almost two hundred and fifty years." she says, finishing with, "Why the hell do you have to be so old, Hooper?"

Shit. "I'm sorry, Samantha. I didn't know."

"It's alright, Hooper. I talked it over with Marivagia, and while his face is going to need some care, he's just thankful to have survived the encounter. Most Medusa wouldn't be able to survive a pounding like that," she explains. I can still hear the thing gurgling in the other room, probably wondering how to make it's face stop hurting.

Suddenly, the breathing sound got louder. I tensed up as the creature stumbled out of the doorway, mumbling, "Beruguteg? Ethelobug-oliga Hupah." Wait, was that my name?

"He asked for the med kit in the cockpit, and thanked you for your mercy. I think he likes you for some reason, Hooper," Samantha says, reaching past me for an amber box on the floor. As she passes the box to the alien, he makes happy little alien sounds.

As I watch the short alien spread coagulant on it's face, a part of me wishes he wouldn't. The peanut butter stops coming out, and the room becomes quiet. I guess I should break the silence.

Thinking about the new ally in our daring escape, I ask, "What did you say the alien was called?" Samantha gives me a quick look before adjusting her brunette hair, it's length just covering her shoulder.

"He said his name was Marivagia, Medusean for source," she says, taking the box back from the bluish alien. "Like I said, he shouldn't be any trouble. He's already offered to adjust the chairs to human proportions for us; he was the *Charon's* mechanic before I killed the rest of the crew." Marivagia shifts over to another chair and lifts his body onto the seat, using the front control panel as a footstool. 

I look out past the panel, into the brilliant field of stars. Somewhere out there is Earth, surrounded by a disk of gleaming satellites, basking in the glow of it's middle aged star. Millions of kilometers away, a thunderstorm on Mars is dousing a field of crops for another harvest. I bet there is a beach somewhere out there, where the rum is cheap and the aliens are friendly. 

For now, all I can do is wait; in three days, the Charon should reach Human controlled space, and I can figure out what happened while I was gone. Today, I get to admire the stars beside a cyborg-girl and a peanut butter alien with allergies. Tasty.

---

Here's the next chapter. Next one should have some more ass kicking and overall HFY-patent beatdowns. Thank you for all the support!