[OC] Allness
Dachande663
Theyre beautiful, dont you think?

Ezriel let the worlds tumble through her fingers and watched the fabric of reality warp as they re-entered the timeline. The ripples would extend outwards for millennia, too tiny for any species to notice but beautiful nonetheless. All one had to do was stand back and admire it.

I remember when you were that trivial to the allness, Alzbeth said.

His arms had wrapped around her own until they were closer now than any of their kind had been for many years. She could see his face in the outline of a billion balls of burning gas.

I was never trivial, she said.

Smaller then.

Are you calling me fat?

Her voice carried across the background radiation and Alzbeth could feel the smile as gently lapping waves of particles, brushing against his own existence.

Ill let you know when your light reaches me.

A star was born in the joyful interplay between them. Entire systems had come and gone in periods of shameless abandonment. Others had vanished in kind, but the universe turned with such speed they were but a speck on the timeline.

Ezriel drew herself inwards. A trillion trillion particles of matter, each more capable than a super-continent of scholars, coalescing into a great mass. She set foot on a world and felt the grass between her toes and smiled.

Am I to your liking now? she asked the heavens above.

Alzbeth tugged at the weather patterns of the planet. It was like a delicate game, directing pieces that changed others in turn, but it was childs play compared to some of their accomplishments. Ezriel watched the sky brighten, an arrow made of rain drops puncturing a heart that grew from the mist until it touched the ground beside her.

Such a romantic, she said to the approaching figure of her lover.

They lay together, curled in the grass in a haze of post-coital bliss. Space was distance, wonder from vastness, but to touch another was life itself. Alzbeth could feel her heart beneath his very fingers.

We should do it here, he finally said.

Ezriel didnt move but he felt the flutter in her chest and felt the warmth blossom within her once more. He rolled onto his back and watched a creature sore high above. Its wings were pointed, stubby feathers over a scaly hide.

They would never survive here.

We could give them a chance. Better to have them fight and die than flourish in a world of our own making. We adjust the trajectory of a rock and give them the kickstart they would need.

We do it once.

Her voice was nervous and Alzbeth reached for her hand and gave it a delicate squeeze. They had spoken of this often. Since the allness bloomed before their eyes. Before they had even found one another, as if such a time had ever existed in each of their minds.

Agreed.

To do it more would be unfair. They will be the best and the brightest. They could do so much damage.

We could limit them. Alzbeth drew another cloud in the sky. A world with two points in its centre. Lay the blueprints and let the allness guide them further. If needs be we could seed destruction within them.

What a horrible thought, Ezriel said.

It is better for them to slay their own kind a thousand times over before they join us.

And would they? She was on top of him. Her hair brushed against his own. Would they join us?

In time, Alzbeth said.

A male and a female then. The progenitors.

To think, Alzbeth said, gently drawing Elzbeths hair to the side until they could both see the great plains and forests and oceans stretch out to their sides, our children, living amongst such beauty.

I shall model the male. He will be the most caring and loving.

Then I shall craft the female and she will be the strongest of the species. Eve I shall call her, after my hearts desire, Alzbeth said.

They kissed.

And Adam will be there with her, Ezriel said. She nuzzled his chin. How long do you think it will take? For them to ascend to the allness and find their place beside us.

Ezriel felt the histories of a thousand civilisations they had watched rise and rise only to tumble to ashes and knew in his heart his own people would be different. They would feel strife because it was necessary, but the curiosity of the allness would always drive them.

It will take exactly as long as it takes, he said.

---

NB: Something a bit happier compared to my current run of death and destruction.