[OC] Domestication
TehBaggins
So you wish to learn about Humanity? Well, what better way than to show you the animals we have domesticated throughout our history and how we have melded them from their primitive counterparts to what you have no doubt seen on our planet and in our broadcasts.

Let us begin where our animal history begins. With the dog.

[This](http://i.imgur.com/pdmERHY.jpg) is a dog. They are our faithful companions, our guardians and our playmates. They protect our livestock, our homes and us. Don't let the look of it fool you though, it started out as a [wolf](http://i.imgur.com/IVrHl2G.jpg). A pack animal known to take out animals several times its size and at many times throughout history attacking humans and even dogs. In some parts of our world you can still hear them howl to communicate over long distances. We humans took that animal and through several hundred years and thousands of generations of careful breeding have created too many distinct breeds of dog to count. What we have done with other animal races pales in comparison and we have truly melded them to fit us and our way of life. Dogs are often referred to as man's best friend, and when you see the unwavering loyalty and love a well-cared for dog has for its owner that is a moniker well deserved.

[This](http://i.imgur.com/5zwm2JF.jpg) is a flock of sheep. Soon after we had the dogs under control and could trust them, sheep was next up. We use their wool to create clothing and shelter, we slaughter them for meat and we drink their milk. We didn't really have to do very much to the original sheep to domesticate them. We bred out their large horns and discouraged any sign of intelligence and selected the ones that produced the most wool to carry on their line. The result is a stupid animal that needs a lot of managing, but thankfully we have our friends the dogs to help us with that.

[This](http://i.imgur.com/1XeWvR3.png) is a pig. We tired a little of mutton and in the forests there were plenty of vicious boars with succulent and tasty meat to be had, but they were hard to kill and would often in turn kill both man and dog that went after them. But, in time we managed to pen in the boars and breed the vicious mostly out of them. We use these animals for their meat and leather. Again, they are protected from larger predators by our dogs.

[This](http://i.imgur.com/L8rCOqI.jpg) is a chicken. Little is known of the origin of the chicken. Most likely it was a jungle or forest fowl, but it was soon penned in and bred for producing eggs and meat. As a bonus the feathers fill our pillows and duvets and stuff our jackets, enabling us to sleep well and stay warm. Millions of chickens are slaughtered every day and even more eggs are eaten. Even our dogs enjoy the taste of chicken.

[This](http://i.imgur.com/3mNGERo.jpg) is a cow. We drink their milk, use their skin for leather and eat their meat. In truth, we really didn't have to do a lot to the cow. They roamed the lands in large herds and all we had to do was to pen them in and let them get used to us. They are big, dumb beasts with very little separating them from peaceful grazing and stampeding in panic if a predator comes too close. We do selectively breed them for more muscles and better meat or higher production of milk, but domesticating these animals took comparatively very little effort. Again, our dogs are there, protecting them and sharing in the food that comes from them.

[This](http://i.imgur.com/oULwW2I.jpg) is a horse. Man's second best friend after the dog. Probably the easiest animal to domesticate for us. Once you get on a horse's back and show who the boss is, the horse will in a short amount of time understand that it's useless to resist and a bond will in time form between horse and rider. A horse is a form of transportation, they pull our plows and help us sow the fields and they pull our wagons transporting our goods. Not only that, but there is great pride amongst humans to have the fastest horse and you can't even imagine the amount of money in play in the countless horse races that takes place every day on our world. A champion horse can fetch several million in breeding fees after the end of a racing career, even without the promise of a viable insemination. It may surprise you to know that horses are not commonly used for food and in many places on our world there is a lot of stigma against eating horses. The dogs don't really share in that stigma though, so a lot of dog food contains horse meat and bone.

[This](http://i.imgur.com/BOdvSkk.jpg) is a cat. The cat is a ferocious killer, having throughout history single-handedly been responsible for the extinction of several animal species on our planet. They kill for fun more than they kill to eat, they are in a lot of ways a perfect predator and will stop at nothing to catch their prey. Furthermore, they don't leave the dead well enough alone. Most cats will actually use a recent kill as a toy, bat it around with their paws and when they tire of it, merely leave it where it falls to rot away and decompose. Even our dogs can't tolerate them most of the time.

Why did we domesticate such an animal, you ask? Well, we didn't. Cats domesticated themselves. The came into our houses, made themselves at home and started demanding that we cater to them. And we did. Not out of necessity, not because we wanted them for meat or fur, but because our food stores and animal pens started to attract vermin and we needed help with eliminating them. And we found their killing and how they toyed with their prey to be cute. Not fearsome or scary, but *cute*.

Now what does *that* tell you about Humanity?