I had never been more frightened...the story of black-eyed children in the night
Sgt_Hydroxide
I cant stop shaking.

Ive run the entire gamut since I arrived at the bar. Everything but the kitchen sink. Deep breathing exercises. Couple shots of whiskey. A Xanax. Another shot. And still there it is.

*Tap tap tap tap tap.* My hands trembling like a Parkinsons patients. The metal rim of my watch, drumming out a steady beat on the wooden table. I reach out with my other hand and grasp it by the wrist. I hold it. Then release it. Back it goes. *Tap tap tap tap tap.*

Like the dripping of a leaky faucet. Like the dregs of my sanity, drip-drip-dripping away into the sink.

I hadnt slept in days. Hadnt left the house. My room was a mess. I am a mess. Everywhere I look

The cruel looking horns.

The ragged, impossibly human-looking form.

The *eyes*. The damn *eyes*.

Why did I ever agree to do this? I was safe in the light. Whenever the first hint of nightfall came, I shut the windows, drew the curtains, and turned on every fucking light in the house. Blared the same playlist over and over again on my laptop. Keeping myself awake.

I turn to my left, and look out the grimy window of the bar. The last rays of the sun are flickering over a crimson sky. 7.58 pm. Darkness is coming.

Night.

*Fuck*.

Why did I ever agree to do this?

*Hydroxide*, I presume. A voice lilts just to my right. Hope I havent caught you at a bad time.

I snap my head back hard enough to sprain my neck muscles.

Yeah, yeah, thats me. I struggle to fight off the fresh wave of shivering coming over me. *Stop shaking*. Stop. *Fucking*. Shaking. You took your damn time.

He sits down opposite me, slowly and deliberately. Apologies. Still, our appointment was for eight. I say were right on track.

Hes dressed in a dark hoodie, hood pulled back, zipped all the way up. Clean-shaven, and paleIm talking, like, cadaver-pale. Black hair, short cropped. And sunglassesindoors, at night.

Whats bugging me is his age. Or rather, me being unable to tell his age. He doesnt look young. And yet I cant pick out any wrinkles or laugh lines to work out exactly how old he is. It fucks me up. Like a wax figure. Like a ventriloquist dummy.

So, he begins, placing his hands on the table. I read your post. About what happened a week ago. So let's start from the beginning.

I nod. The shot glass was back in my hand; I swill the ring of residual whiskey around. The bar lights are dim. Our table is one of the few still illuminated by the fading sunlight outside. There are maybe five or six patrons around, sipping drinks lazily. Talking about work or the weather or some shit.

Its true. All of it. I gulp down whats left of the liquor. It might as well have been water. The shaking doesnt stop. If anything, it gets worse.

I saw it, man. I slam the glass down on the table. It *looked* at me. Through the window of my uncles cabin. Like this close. Like you and me right now. I gesture to the space between us. 

The pale man nods coolly. Like one of those Japanese robots. The neck moves, but nothing else. His face is still as stiff as wax. *Konichiwa.*
 
Go on. You mentioned in your post that it started following you when you are out hiking.

I put a palm on my head. Sweat is gathering under my hair. Its starting to get hot. I didnt want to believe it at first. Tried to deny that I ever saw it. But it was there. Staring at me, like thirty feet away in the bushes. Not even moving. Like, you know, one of those pagan ritual statue things? Just there, but made of real flesh, not stone or wood.

I wipe my brow with a damp sleeve, half-soaked in spilled whiskey. I looked away as if pretending I never saw it. But *fuck* did I book it out of there. Running all the way. And when I turned around

It hadnt moved. The stranger leans forward. But it was now closer.

I swear, its like the damn thing *teleported* or something. It was still in the same position, still standing stock-stillbut now, it was *right behind me*. I couldnt have turned my back for more than three secondsand it moved. Just like that. Behind me.

I cant stop talking now. If I do, Im going to die. I know it. My mouth breaks like a floodgate. The words tumble out one after the other like third-degree burn victims scrabbling out of a flaming building. 

I dont know how I managed to get back to the cabin. I must have broken, like, five Olympic records sprinting back. Sprained my ankle. And at the door, I look back againand its gone.

And it came back the same night, the man says. He sounds just like a psychiatrist. *Shit*, maybe he is. Maybe this is some psychology student taking me along for a ride so he could finish up his college essay on the mentally deranged.

I dont care if you think Im crazy, man. I glare at him, trying to peer at whatever beady little eyes were hiding behind those dark shades. I know it. It was fucking there.

I knock the shot glass over angrily with a sweep of my hand. It rolls along the table a bit, coming to rest next to the salt shaker. 

The *Goat Man.* I spit out every syllable like a curse. *There. You have your piece now. Go home and start writing your Pulitzer-winning piece on this trembling wreck in front of you.*

But he just looks straight ahead. As if studying me. Assessing me. And then

I believe you.

I blink. Like hell you do.

Your story is not unique. Disturbing, yes, definitely. But one of many similar ones with very predictable patterns. He adjusts his sleeve, revealing a plain watch with a leather strap.

My heat was rising. So Im full of shit, right? Must have just ripped stuff off some shitty creepypasta site? Pulled off from nosleep or something?

I hit the table. "Fuck you." I instantly regret it. Couple of customers are turning round to look at us.

No, Im saying youre lucky to escape with your life. As he pulls the sleeve back down, I catch sight of a ring. Eleven fatalities this past year. Six of them in the last month. Its a nice ring. No-nonsense, a plain grey disc on a dull metal band.

I need another drink. Now the last sliver of sunlight is dancing at the edges of our table. Like a pizza wedge of light.

Soso whatre you saying? Like, this is a serial killer or something? I squint at him through the gathering alcohol-induced haze.

He doesnt say anything. A few moments later he takes out a handkerchief and wipes his hands. The fabric sweeps masterfully over long spindly fingers. Methodical.

Tell me, have you heard of the *black-eyed children*?

He catches me by surprise.

What?

The man pockets his handkerchief.

Black-eyed children. Its a popular urban legend. Children with empty, dark eyes, appearing at your doorstep, or at street corners at odd hours of the night. Staring at you. Always in pairs. One boy, one girl.

Im scanning over every inch of his face now trying to figure out what kind of bullshit hes trying to feed me now.
 
There have been stories for years. Sightings.

Hes serious. Fuck. Maybe Im not the crazy one here.

But

How could he know?

I keep staring, at his sunglasses. Dark and impenetrable, like shields. Thicker than tinted car windows. Trying to spot that hint of mirth that means Ive been taken for a fucking ride.

Then I sigh.

Fuck it.

Ive never told anyone this. I clench both fists. And then the story comes out, for the first time in ten years.

I used to live with my grandpa up north. I was ten. It happened one night sometime in the fall. I was downstairs doing my homework. Grandpa was asleep in front of a cricket game that had been running for the past forty five minutes. The house was quiet. We were in a quiet neighborhood. And then someone knocked on the door.

I wipe my hands down on the pair of jeans Ive worn for three months straight. And I open the doorand

The fear comes back. Visceral. Unstoppable. Raw.

Two of them, one boy, one girl. Dressed, like, the kids at a wedding. Like, formal and all. And their eyesfuck

I pinch the bridge of my nose. I cant stop the tears from coming.

Their eyes were *black*. Like, like it wasnt even a color. Justempty. And they looked at me, and I froze. And Im *damn* sure I wet my pants right there and then. It went on for like half a minute. Those two standing there, not moving, not saying anything, and me with warm pajama pants and a pool of piss under me. 

It all comes back. In full technicolor. The human brain is a fucking amazing thing. Your good memories fade away and blur away with time into a jumble of happy thoughts. But the things that *really* fuck you upthey stay. As vivid as when you first lived them.

And then they just left. Walked away. I slammed the door hard enough to wake up grandpa. He didnt believe me. Said it was a bad dream. I told my parents. Same result. And then I never talked about it again.

Their eyes were black, the man repeats.

Black. Like night in eye sockets.

Like this?

He removes his sunglasses.

And instantly Im on the floor. The chair knocked over, crashing down on me like a brick wall. My mind a blur, my heart pounding like a drummer on cocaine.

Im scrabbling to get away. On hands and knees. Fingers scraping against filthy floorboards that hadnt been cleaned for years

Im sorry, Im really sorry. Friend heres had one drink too many. Here, let me get that I hear the chair being put back the right way time to take you home. Really sorry ladies and gents. You all have yourselves a nice evening. 

And then he grabs my arm and hauls me up. It feels like an iron claw. I can barely keep my balance.

He turns to face me. Its the eyes. The same eyes that haunted my nightmares until I was old enough to self-medicate with a fuckton of benzos. Dark, empty. No pupils, no blood vessels, *nothing* but shiny inky blackness.

Lets take a walk, he commands, and I obey.


***



Were at the park. Its dark. There are two streetlamps nearby. Ones working fine, ones flickering on and off. Nobody else is there. I can hear some insects, and the distant sound of cars passing by the highway.

Every instinct screams at me to bolt. Instead, something compels me to stay rooted to the park bench, struggling to hold in my urine.

Hes right next to me. On the other end of the bench, calm and relaxed.

They start us young. Always two, one boy, one girl. Send us to areas of high paranormal activity. Plot the map out using some complex algorithm run off a Commodore 64, then pinpoint the high yield spots. His glasses are off. He lights up a cigarette. Some entities are drawn to males, some to females. And almost all of them to children. Were the perfect bait.

He takes a drag of the cig. The tip glows brightly like the ass of a firefly. The point is to lure out anything living in or around the houseor inside the people. Usually half a minute is enough to confirm the house is clean. Entities mostly reveal themselves in the first ten seconds. Once we get a visualor sound, or smell, heck, any identifying detailswe get out of there and phone in the heavies. 

He exhales a stream of smoke. 

We seldom get followed. Entities in residential habitats are always territorial. Once youre off the front porch, youre usually safe. Unless the owner invites you inthat breaks the barrier. Thankfully, they never do.

He taps against his eyebrow. Again I cant look away. The blackness is there, under the lids.

The eyes. Whatever they do to us when were kids, it turns the eyes completely black. Twofold function. For one, our eyes pick up a whole variety of wavelengths invisible to the normal human eye. Gives us some sort of *second sight*. The Chinese used to call it *yin yang* vision. But the second function is more important. Safety mechanism. He flicks ash off the tip of the cig. Showers of red spill onto the ground. 

You know they say the eyes are the windows to the soul? Its not a clich. The first thing entities notice, even before the increased heart rate, or the scent, or the body languageits the *eyes*. The dilation of pupils. Fear. Arousal. Joy. Grief. Its all in the eyes. Once you make eye contactyoure fucked. Like a radar lock. Heat signature.

He betrays the slightest hint of a smile. These eyes? Theyre stealth technology. Lock-proof. Your mistake was making eye contact with the Goat Man. Now you two are bonded.

I find my voice at last. What the *fuck* are you?

He turns to me. Im a black-eyed child. All grown up.

He drops the cig and stamps on it.

The urban legends get it wrong. Were not demons or aliens. Were human. Or at least, we *were*. He cleans the tobacco bits from his nails. Black-eyed children are all orphans. Usually, sole survivors of some traumatic event involving the paranormal. It makes us more susceptible. More in tune with things normal people dont see. I cant remember how I was recruited. Not many memories of my time before the agency. He pauses, staring off into the distance. Probably better that way.

He rolls up his sleeve. Points to a dark spot in the curve of his elbow. They inject us with a compound. Supposedly a two thousand-year old formula with a few modern molecular adjustments. Hurts like hell. Burns for days. Most of us go into a coma. Some of us dont come out. But when we dothats when the change starts.

He spreads his fingers, as if studying them. Theyre as pale as he is. Nearly bloodless. Pallor and cold skin. Faster reflexes. Better stamina. Heightened senses. Accelerated healing, both physical and psychic. We can function with a fraction of the food, water, or sleep a normal human being needs. And, of course, he taps the side of his face, the *eyes.* Always the eyes. The first change that indicates the process is successful.

He continues. We start off as spotters. Two-person teams, one boy, one girl, like I just said. We do recon on areas where repeated paranormal sightings have been reported over a three-day period. Relatively low-risk, gives us a chance to learn the territory. Get our feet wet. Still remember my first house.

As he pulls out another cigarette, for the first time, I see some emotion on his pale, mask-like face. Hes smirking. 

*Teke-teke* infestation, in a house right next to the abandoned railway station. The fucking thing was peering out from between the legs of the owner when he answered the door. Damn near *shit* myself. I was nine at the time. Said thank you and good night, walked off the front step, called in the heavies, and spent the night shivering in the main room under a good bright light. First time Id been thankful for the black eyes. 

Those eyes blink. That sort of entity is attracted to fear. Id been a normal kid with bright blue eyes? Itd have pounced like a fucking wolf.

He brings the cigarette to his lips. A wind is picking up. He cups the light with his other hand.

We get older, we graduate to cleanup crew. Once the big guys move into an area, it tends to shake loose a whole bunch of smaller entities. Like rats out of a burning building. We go in and mop them up. 

He pulls out another cigarette. Lights it. 

We stick to the same partners. Same boy and girl. Builds trust. Cooperation. Bout thirty percent of recruits die during this stage. Die, if theyre lucky.

He puts the lit cig to his lips, inhales, then blows the smoke out.
At adulthood, we move on to heavy duty. We start taking on the big targets. Usually hauntings, sometimes possessions. Often in pairs, sometimes in groups. Believe it or not, its more dangerous in a big group. Many times more psychic energy to feed off of. Youre alone, you can usually mask your psychic signature in with the background noise, especially if its in a high-volume area like a cemetery or hospital. In pairs, same partners we had as kidswe watch each others backs. Move as a unit.

He holds the cigarette in a reverse palm grip. Quite unusual. 

The veterans get the really fucked-up stuff. Town-wide infestations, compromised crypts, eldritch motherfuckers. High fatality rates.

Youreyou said something aboutan agency? I stammer.

Worldwide organization. Weve got people in every government. Links to all major religious organizations. We operate just about everywhere. Minor regional differences in tactics and hardware. But at its coreevery country has its corps of black-eyed children.

The man continues to smoke.

Weve been around for thousands of years. Have lots of names. The Slavs call us *Vedmak*. The Irish used to call us *Neamh Mairbh.* Our origins are the same. Humans recruited from the most damaged of us, who drink of the covenantthough now, its through hypodermic injection. 

He barely looks at me. 

All through our history, humanitys been surrounded by danger. Visible and invisible. Things we cant see, and understand even less. Madness creeps at the edge of the modern age. Logic and reason break down. Sanity itself falls apart.

He straightens his jacket. The cigarette dangles at the edge of his lips, dripping embers.

We are mankinds answer to the dark. In giving up our own humanity, we safeguard humanity itself. We burn away our own natural bodies to become living weapons against the night.

He looks at me slowly, his words barely a whisper.

We become what we fear.

I finally speak. 

So, youre like ghostbusters.

I think hes rolling his eyes. I cant tell. Theyre all black.

Smartass. Im here to do a job, and youre my only witness. Eleven victims, so far youre the only one to see the Goat Man and still be alive. He drops the cig and stomps it into the dirt. I need details. I dont mean half-assed nosleep posts. Give me height, weight, build, features, smell, sound, color.

So I start talking. He starts writing in a notebook. Hes very specific. He grills me with a thousand questions on minute details. What kind of growl? What kind of frequency? Did it smell of feces, or of dirt? Any mottling on its fur? What kind? What exact patterns? And so on.

It takes more than an hour. Through that time he never stops smoking.

He finally closes his notebook. Alright. This one sounds like a juvenile. Forest subtype. Likely aggressive. Just cut its teeth and got a taste for human flesh, I reckon. Not much yet in the way of subtlety. Thats good for us. Once they get older, they gain the ability to skinwalk.

Isis that bad?

You know when a rabbit shits in your packet of chocolates and you cant tell the chocolates from the shit? Thats what dealing with skinwalkers is like.

He sucks down the latest cigarette. Heres the low down. Its never going to stop coming. You escaped it, and it doesnt like that. Itll keep coming for you, again and again. The first thing thatll start is the nightmares. Theyll get more and more frequent. And then the psychotic bursts. Meanwhile it gets closer and closer to the city. Its bonded with you. And itll keep looking for you.

I think I whimper at this point. Might even have started sobbing.

Suck it up. Youre a security risk as is. The closer it gets, the more people get put in danger as it expands its hunting territory. Which gives us two choices.

He looks at me with those pitch-black eyes and holds up two fingers. One. He folds one down. You kill yourself.

He doesnt wait for my answer.

Two. We kill that son of a bitch.

Butbut how? I stammer. Itsits a fucking *ghost* for fucks sakes

Ive been doing this for nineteen years, so get your shit together. He takes another drag. We crash at a motel tonight. You get some sleep. Tomorrow we head back up in my car. Agency delivered some gear for this purpose. You and I, were going to track it down.

Whatwhat do you need *me* for?

Bait.

[Continued in the comments](https://www.reddit.com/r/HFY/comments/4apqzm/i_had_never_been_more_frightenedthe_story_of/d12gaen)