The Thrill of the Hunt (alternate title - How I Learned to Stop Faceplanting and Love the Cheese)
RWizzzard
Are you *absolutely certain* that humans do this for fun? Said Vip, her sharp reptilian features eyeing the steep face of the hill in front of them.

Oh yes, Said Dave next to her, his broad Scottish accent strengthening in the presence of all the Englishmen around him. All the time! Well, he amended, Once a year. We only do this once a year.

For fun. She insisted. For fun, and not as punishment?

An ambulance pulled up beside her, joining a small herd of emergency medical vehicles. Behind them, the first aid tent was buzzing with activity. No one was being tended to yet, but preparations were still underway as the volunteers stocked up on bandages, ointments, and lollipops.

Do you want to do this? Dave asked gently as they started up the hill. Crowds of people were beginning to gather along the side lines, and a man walking in front of them was carrying a very official looking box. You seem really uncertain.

She shook him off. Im fine. She gestured to her green and scale-covered body. We evolved thick scale plating for things such as this.

And were all fuzzy and soft and short, is that it? Dave said, slightly offended. Vip noticed that his hair was especially orange against the hill today.

 Well, I wasnt going to say anything

The trek to the top of the hill took longer than Vip had anticipated. Her native home world had been completely colonised long ago, and any uneven landscapes had been filled in the name of progress and development. Earth was greener than anything shed ever seen. It also held more hills than anything shed ever seen, and her human colleagues seemed to delight in a thing called hiking, an activity which was impossible on her world.

Humans were weird as fuck.

At the top of the hill, a very local news anchor was trying to ask the man with the official box some questions.

Well, the man began, Cheese-rolling is a very old part of our Gloucester heritage

Dave nudged Vip as she stared. You alright?

I thought you were kidding about the cheese. She said.

He looked at her seriously. This is the sport of men. I would never joke.

She nodded uncertainly. Was that a joke? If her time with humans had taught her one thing, it was that some of them could keep worryingly straight faces while joking.

Contestants! came a hoarse cry from one end of the field. The mans voice was already breaking  not a good sign for the rest of the festivities, Vip thought.

Would you please line up behind the chalk line at the top of the hill!

Dave gave her another excited nudge, and pulled her into formation next to him. This is it! he said. No turning back!

She tuned out the rest of the announcer, focusing on her goal. She didnt just come to participate, she was going to win this. Millions of years of predatory evolution sang in her blood as the master of ceremonies walked to the middle of the line-up, pulled a wheel of decorated cheese out of a box, and placed it on the ground in front of him. He released it, and the cheese began to wheel and bounce down the steep hill

There was a sharp, short whistle-blow, and with a roar, the line of contestants broke out of formation and ran after the cheese.

She could see the cheese in front of her, as she ran forward. Next to her, Dave hit a rock and somersaulted forwards. Her own feet were skidding in the mud, trying to find purchase. She heard a startled cry from behind her as one of the men misjudged a tuft of grass and launched himself into the air as he fell. She narrowly avoided him as he landed.

Vip spent most of the run sliding on her knees, suddenly thankful for the scales that saved her from friction burns. She was so close! Only a few meters from the bottom!

There were still two other men that were neck and neck with her, but at the last second, coming down the hill, she used a jutting rock to leap forwards and pounce on the cheese at the bottom of the hill, missing it by inches, and landing rather painfully on her face as her momentum ground her nose into the grass.

She could feel one side of her face swelling, and when she raised her head after a few quiet seconds trying to recover, she noticed that one eye seemed to be swelling shut. She started to get unsteadily to her feet when something loud and orange slammed into her.

YOU WON! shouted Dave. Youre the first non-human ever to win!

What? Vip was very confused, and around her she could hear the crowd roaring her name. But I didnt catch it. I thought I had to catch the cheese.

Dave waved a bruised and bleeding hand. No-ones caught the cheese in centuries. Too fast.

She blinked. Or tried to  one eye was still very painfully swollen shut. And then she felt a slow smile start across her face, ignoring the bruises that protested loudly at this new and unwelcome development.

Next to her, the master of ceremonies grabbed her hand and held it up, while pushing the roll of cheese into her other hand.

Inside her, her blood sang with the music of the hunt.

---

For any readers who don't think cheese rolling is a thing, nope. [Cheese rolling is definitely a thing](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3IITAJ6NDlo). humans are weird.