Biological Warfare - The Human Version
NobodyReadsMyStuff
This is the other side of the story to [this post](https://www.reddit.com/r/HFY/comments/4aaxlc/biological_warfare/)

They presented themselves as friends. They gave us the keys to our galaxy with the knowledge of faster than light travel. They showed us how to mine asteroids and terraform planets. They gave us medical advancements we were hundreds of years from developing ourselves.

They tried to use us.

Let me step back to before they arrived.  Around 300 years ago a portal opened up on our home world Earth.  On the other side was a machine that connected that planet to 56 others.  First contact was a black mark on our history, second contact we straightened things out and eventually became allies with the primitive alien race called the [Zeti](https://www.reddit.com/r/HFY/comments/49vk77/humanity_lost_humanity_found/).  We would later find out they were a pet project of a much more powerful civilization than our own.  

They chose to be a sovereign world and politely asked us to leave but with the invitation to come back every 2 years.  Like clockwork every two years the portal would open and we would help them with whatever they needed.  Then the portal opened a year early.

Out of it poured the the survivors of a completely destroyed world.  Only a few thousand refuges made it through.  They told of how they began exploring with the machine again and came across a species as advanced as our own.  The Mak'l they were called.  The Mak'l blitzed the opening with everything they had and completely wiped out the planet.  Killing our allies, killing our friends.  When we investigated we found that they were indeed on par with us.  It was impossible to fight a war with them through a portal the size of a football field, we could have used nukes but they could have as well.  It was mutually assured destruction all over again.  Another cold war.  We found out later that the Zeti's Overseers had other projects they were watching at the time.  When they had finally returned to find the planet in ruin they went looking for the culprits.  When they found them they were pleased to see we had already hit back, and hit back hard.  This brings me back to beginning of how this all got started.

They appeared one day slowly drifting down from the sky in a ship roughly a mile wide.  Not above a densely populated city or a major military base but over the ruins of Chernobyl.  Then it just sat there... waiting.  All the major military powers took up posts around the craft, this was no time for petty squabbles and the Ukrainian government welcomed the help.  Every piece of scientific equipment imaginable was aimed at the craft but not a single instrument returned any data.  Then with the world watching it slowly began to spin while releasing light grey fog that drifted down and engulfed the abandoned city.  An hour later the fog dissipated taking with it any sign of radiation from the city, surrounding area and the reactor itself.  This was their first move of "friendship" and a show their power.

The next day they sent out a signal with information on how to make a new fertilizer.  It ended up boosting crop yields 10 fold and the plants grew in 1/4 the time they did before.  Throughout rural China farmers who were once starving started calling them the Qi (Life Force).  As they hadn't given us a name Qi spread throughout the world and stuck.  In retrospect it's pretty ironic.

We never forgot the old saying "Nothing in this world (or others) is free." and kept that in mind as the information continued flowing out of the ship.  It started with radiation cleanup and fertilizer then moved onto medical advancements, FTL travel diagrams, resource gathering and even how to terraform planets.  The whole time they never spoke to us, never asked us for anything.  They just kept dumping information into our laps for no apparent reason.

Two months after the ship arrived the signal stopped and it raised into the sky as silently as it had arrived, vanishing halfway between the Earth and the Moon.

The instructions were perfect.  So detailed an undergrad could follow them, each and every one translated perfectly into all the worlds major languages.  Within 6 months the world had built a fleet of ships able to travel to the edge of our solar system. In 8 months we started mining our first asteroid.  A joint effort between the United States, Russia, Germany and Japan began a terraforming project on Mars almost exactly a year after the Qi left.  As with everything else, it worked perfectly.

Then it was on to the big show.  Faster than light travel.  The world united under one goal, to keep humanity safe from both itself and outside aggressors.  With the seemingly unending supply of resources from the asteroid belt we began building science, exploration and terraforming ships.  And of course, we built warships.  Lots of warships.

Within two years an armada of 400 starships all manned by a crew made up of people from different nations (part of the new Interstellar Agreement the world agreed on) were ready to launch into the black void between the stars.  We didn't just go our own ways though.  It was time to show the galaxy a new kid was on the block and we knew just how to do it.  150 warships set a course for the Mak'l home world and began a path towards vengeance.

Dropping out of hyperspace around the planet most of the ships began launching nuclear missiles.  The American made ships launched something of their own design.  The Qi didn't give us weapon technology, they didn't have to.  Humans were already very adept at killing with just about anything.  The US ships launched missiles with modified, shorted out FTL engines inside.  When they reached a mile above the planet they overloaded.  The resulting explosion rolled out in a wave for over 1000 miles and blew the atmosphere into space.  They launched dozens of these.  Within 10 minutes the "battle" was over and the Qi who had been watching silently in a cloaked ship primed their engines to jump back home, confident they had made the right choice after seeing our reaction to our first alien contact. They had no idea about the Zeti or the grudge we had held.

Shortly after the Mak'l slaughter, the Zeti's guardians, the Overseers, made an appearance.  They were grateful for our swift retribution but warned that continued aggression towards other species is grounds for extermination.  We were in no place to argue.  They seemed to be almost as advanced as the Qi from what we could tell.  

We set out among the stars.  Finding new species almost everywhere, we traded technology when we could.  Terraformed new planets and relocated species away from dying stars or off dying planets.  We helped almost everyone we could.  Some aggressive species were eradicated along the way but sometimes you have to break a few eggs.  We established trade routes between every species we could.  An entire galaxy spiderweb of trading.  It was an amazing accomplishment, all completed in 200 years. All this time we never stopped climbing up the technological ladder.  The Overseers never made another appearance, not once.  We were now the top dogs in the galaxy.  A galaxy that was getting smaller by the year.  With all the species we had helped spread throughout our little niche in the universe we were running out of space.  We needed growing room.  We needed another galaxy and had absolutely no way of traveling to one with even one ship let alone billions.

That's when fate smiled down on us.  A backwater species that had just traded 1000 tons of an extremely rare metal for FTL travel tech happened upon a bombed out planet.  When they investigated it they immediately knew two things.  The first being it was so far beyond them they had no use for it, the second being it matched exactly what the Guardians (the galaxys new word for Humans) had asked so many species about.  It had become lore, nobody believed the Overseers had even existed, nobody except the humans.  Looking over the ruins it was obvious that they had existed at one time, but not any more.

When the creatures arrived at the nearest human outpost with news of their discovery a trade was made for the plans to the long outdated hydrogen bomb for the coordinates to the planet.

Upon arrival it didn't take long for the science vessel to decrypt the Overseers archives.  What we found inside shocked but didn't surprise us.  200 years ago on their way out of the galaxy the Qi had found the Overseers.  Seeing they could shortly become a serious threat they struck first and with overwhelming force.  The Overseers only managed to bring down one ship before they were destroyed and the Qi left the galaxy.  After the threat had left a lone computer bunker was unknowingly left unharmed.  It locked onto the downed ships computer and began decrypting, it took 150 years but it finished the job and uploaded it into the Overseers archives.  The archives we were now staring at.
 
It explained in vivid detail how the Qi destroy any species that they deem could become a threat.  It explained how they clear out galaxy after galaxy.  It explained how they had just set up a species called humans to do the work for them.

We may be the peace keepers and trade makers of the Milky Way but at heart... We.. Are.. Killers.  And we were about to send that message across the universe.

After examining the downed Qi ship it was decided their version of intergalactic travel was far too inefficient.  So we looked elsewhere.  The Overseers had portal tech, something nobody else in the galaxy was even close to, including ourselves.  Deep in the archives we came upon a diagram for an experimental portal generator.  They had never had the chance to build it, so we did it for them.  It was a 6x6 foot device that could open a 10x10 mile wide portal 10,000 light years away.  Whats more, it was not resource intensive to build.  10,000 light years is obviously not enough to reach other galaxies.  We tinkered, we thought, we banged our heads against the wall then someone said... 

"Lets build a bunch of them and just keep tossing them through the first portal and immediately opening another when it hits open space, we'll leapfrog to another galaxy."


And that's what we did.  We made billions of the cubes and launched the largest battle fleet ever assembled followed by mining and terraforming ships when the all clear was given.  The cube after cube approach worked flawlessly, we reached our nearest galaxy in under an hour.

After we cleared the first quadrant we terraformed the planets.  Some for ourselves, others for the thousands of other species following behind us.  We were the Marines of the Milky Way.  The first in to clear the way for the rest.  When we reached a particularly resource rich galaxy one jump away from the Qi home world we picked up a ship dropping out of hyperspace and sending out satellites.  They happened to come to solar systems where we were refueling for the final fight with the Qi.  We were destroying worlds, destroying suns... Really just taking everything from these systems for repairs and fuel.  I can only imagine what they thought.

When we reached the home world it was crushed without much effort.  It was in a very strategic location so we decided to terraform and make it our headquarters for this galaxy.

Now with the Qi out of the way and all the Milky Way species spreading out behind us I guess the only question left is... How much further should we go?