From Beyond Space and Time
Teulisch
When your ancestors reached the stars, they were alone. They expanded, and refused to accept any limits that physics would put upon them. In time they conquered their home galaxy, and then the next galaxy. And then the attempts to reach more distant galaxies succeeded in a very unexpected way. 

They found a way to cross into alternate universes. After calibration, they could go anywhere they could define a set of physics for. And that is why we are here- in the realm beyond space and time. That is why humanity is the master of every universe they touch. To some, we are eldritch horrors, to others we are as gods. 

And so, class, your assignment this weekend is to find an accelerated timeline, do your field research, and get your 20-page term paper to me by Monday. Remember, its up to you to find the right kind of timeline, I recommend you plan to get back by Sunday night just in case. If you remember your freshman lectures, you will have no problem locating a universe where you can spend years doing research, and still have time to party before you head back. Remember to make sure your medical implants are up to date before you leave, we dont want anyone dying of old age before they can turn in their paper on Monday. 



Well, the professor had warned them. I had tagged along because Mindy was cute, even if the other two were complete idiots. Sam was probably going to flunk, and Jen would be lucky to pull a C- in this class with how they had done so far. But away they were- I picked us a good universe, with a time-flow of a decade to a day outside space and time. It was Friday night, we had at least 20 years to finish out papers before we needed to head back. I had checked that everyone had their basics- life support, medical, commlinks, power supplies, and of course the required coursework computer. I had also verified that it would all work in our destination universe I hear about a guy who failed to check that a couple years back and ended up stuck there for centuries before they looked for him. 

Our arrival point was in a feudal agrarian society, with short furry natives. I made sure to bring a tent, although the others were less well prepared. We spend the first night inside the landing shuttle making sure everything checked out. The next morning, we looked at the natives still panicking outside. Sam decided to go out and impress them, while I was still sipping my tea. 

Short version? There was a fight, they knocked him down a few times but couldnt really hurt a human- just a few scratches and bruises, but they mostly wounded his pride. Jen then used a holographic light-show to scare them into submission, and we then had a nice escort to meet the local lord. 

So we hiked a few miles, said our hellos, and had nice accommodations at the royal hovel to begin our research. the next morning the complaints started from the others- no hot water, or running water, rooms too small, and so on. I made nice with a couple artisans, and handed them plans for what the others asked for. I planned ahead, and just made those natives very wealthy craftsmen indeed. The building that followed was more of a temple really.

A decade later, my research was basically done. Mindy was close to done as well, as I had helped her a bit. Sam and Jen had not even started yet. In the time that had passed, I had learned that Sam was a jock who did not care for much outside sports, Jen was a practical girl if something lacking in higher education (she was only 30 when we departed so not much of a surprise there), and Mindy was my girlfriend, but it wouldnt last. More of a weekend 20-year fling, really. 

I had built a mystery cult, and given them a fair amount of knowledge. Sam had built a military empire, and actually did okay at leading them into battle as a war god. Jen and Mindy just enjoyed the attention of their faithful, and had a lot of parties. 

After 20 years, I was quite ready to go. Jen had a half-assed paper she threw together in a year (she wasnt going to pass), and Sam had about a weeks effort into the worst paper I have ever seen. And thats after I handed him several pages of notes that my priests had compiled over the last 16 years. 

Before we left, I figured how long it would take for my graduation in accounting, and made a prophecy to my cult. When I did in time return, they were chanting my name. TED, TED, TED, TED, TED, TED!

Its always nice to have a good weekend vacation spot after all. 
