OC: The Thunder of Gods
Excroat3
First post on reddit, and first HFY, please go easy on me!

-------------------------------------------------------------------------

I cowered in a hole on a sandy beach.  This was unlike my species, we were warriors, not cowards!  The thought provoked me to rush up out of my hole, only to jump into another as soon as I heard that sound.  Artillery.  Something these damn humans had dreamt up in their endless desire to kill off one another.  As the sounds of battle surrounded me, I cursed those who sent us here, those who called the humans weak-minded and more likely to shoot at each other.  In their constant wars, they had created things we could only dream of.

This invasion was a failure before it even began. Our ships ran back into the atmosphere after dropping us off here, lest they be destroyed by a spear travelling faster than our eyes could see.  My comrades, screaming their well-known battle cries, were struck down by flaming darts.  We were the scouts, meant to clear a path.  I was the only survivor as far as I could tell, and I lived because I was SCARED.   I turned to look at the sky, and I saw my saviors.  Ships from our fleet, descending to drop their loads of battle ready infantry, and a brand new invention, the crawlers.  I loved these fine beasts, as they were able to drive over any terrain, and fire blasts of energy as they went.  Surely, our crawlers would crush the enemy under their treads.  The sky darkened as my savior descended, ignoring the 4 of their number seemingly blotted from the sky by spears.  As the crawlers drove off of the ramp, the enemy fire slackened.  A green ball appeared from their lines, impacting in the center of our beachhead.  Is this a surrender?  I began to rise once again, before I heard a screaming sound.  2 flying crosses swept low over the battlefield, before rising into the sky and beginning a long process of turning around.  I then realized.  The green ball emitting a similar-colored smoke was not a surrender.  It was a target.

As I buried as deep into my hole as my claws would let me, I heard a sound.  A sound I would never wish to hear again.  The sound I heard, and I wish to never hear again, was the sound of thunder.  A thunder that lasted for 5 seconds, shaking the ground, and then repeated by whatever those things were in the sky.  The green smoke disappeared in dust, as well as 2 crawlers.  After the crosses make their sickening scream across the sky, I could see our crawlers in flames.  How?  Our crawlers should have been unstoppable!  As the crosses climbed, I heard human battle cries.  They seemed to be celebrating, the bastards. Then, the enemy fire picked up once again.  The crosses in the sky were joined by more, faster and different looking crosses.  I buried my head into the sand, hoping to escape this madness.  Now, explosions shook me to my core, and that sound was replayed over and over.  That sound.  It drove me insane, left me so crazed that I never realized that the fire had stopped.  I never realized that the humans had dug me out, and taken me capture.  

When they questioned me, all I could think of was the sound.  The thunder, never-ending, rattled my brain.  They were puzzled to what I was trying to explain.  They subjected me to videos of every one of their aircraft in the sky that day.  The last one, when it made that horrible, horrible sound, made me scream in pain.  Was this their form of torture?  They told me that the aircraft was named the Thunderbolt II, or more unofficially, the Warthog.  It would always remain in my head as the flying cross that created the Thunder of Gods.

Flyby (the screaming): https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=17h04ag1YHg 


Gun Runs (the thunder) : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NvIJvPj_pjE 
