[OC] Alone. (fiction, short)
Miraclefish
Alone.

For ten millennia, we have grown up as a race obsessed with the constellations. The heavens have been our constant companion and our lantern in the night. It was to be expected that we looked to the night sky with a sense of majestic foreboding mixed with hope. And so it was that we took our first steps into space with our eyes fixed firmly upon the stars. 

Of course, we had our dark times. Humanity is fickle and selfish. It was during the fourth millennium that the greatest war of all time erupted, hundreds of systems locked in a decades-long conflict. It was only through luck that we survived long enough for peace to break out. Had anybody been desperate enough enough to unleash the planet killers and doomsday weapons, it would have been the end of all things. Wiser minds eventually prevailed and we found our way again.

For over a thousand years, we have searched the galaxy for another sentient race. Or, even, some signs of life. We had assumed that once interstellar travel was solved, and inevitably it was with Alcubierre drives, the galaxy would be found to be teeming with life.

If the Sol system - the cradle of humanity - could hold such an abundance of creation, everything from bacteria and lions, from cuttlefish to hawks, then the universe must be awash with great civillisations and beasts of all kinds. And so we sent probes, pioneering mission set sail on generation ships and we built vast arrays to beam billion-watt signals into the void and listen for that world-changing response. The first intergalactic greeting. 

And yet, we have found none. We came across endless dead worlds, desiccated lands... a cold and uncaring void with nothing but the echoes of our unanswered cries for companionship. Centuries of hails and messages directed at every corner of creation. Never returned.

Such a realisation that, in all likelihood, we were either the first life to wake, or the last, all but broke mankind's will. For all our centuries of interstellar expansion, we'd found a purpose to cling to and pull us from the brink of non-existence. We'd fought for survival on Earth, built great cities and launched eagerly into the stars. It was a golden age of exploration unmatched since humans rediscovered the New World in the first millennium AD. 

The attentions of the entire species were turned to rebuilding and exploring. It saved us, you know. That long-buried wanderlust, the human instinct that led us to colonise first our homeworld, then all the worlds, was forgotten but it was never truly gone.

Great fleets of warships capped their weapons, cavernous holds were filled with megatonnes of fuel, tools and supplies, soldiers and settlers retrained as pioneers. With hope in our hearts, we set out on the second Great Pilgrimage.

We spent all our technological marvels, all our vast scientific understanding and, most dangerously, all of our faith. We believed with all we had that we would find, if not new friends in the universe, at least we might find... something.

Nothing. Absolutely nothing. We were alone, truly, among the stars. We knew it now, we had centuries of travel, thousands of light years, disparate fleets with no hope and no news.

It was almost the end of us. Depression on a cosmic scale. An existential angst that cut to the core of an entire species. We had survived extinction just to survive long enough to realise we were alone. Can you imagine the loneliness, the isolation of being the only species sentient enough to seek out contact? Perhaps the only one ever to exist, or the only one left. 

Economies slowed down, slipped into recession. It was insidious, an unspoken shadow that spread over us all. Expansions ended, no new colonies were proposed and the great progress of humanity ground to a halt. Mankind turned retrograde. We would have no glorious end, no great rout or battle to end our days, instead we would disappear gradually into the darkness with a whimper, leaving behind a cold and empty universe. 

As the surviving fleets made their way home and a malaise settled across the galaxy like never before, something unexpected happened. He happened. He wasn't a great leader, nor a general. He was a farmer with an idea.

When he came before the Council of Terra with his idea, his quiet words shook the world. It was a plan so insanely ambitious, so hopeful and so...arrogantly *human* that we could not resist it. Like moths to a flickering flame, we were drawn into its wake. It was decided.

Mankind was the first species to wake among the stars, but by all of our might and technology we damn sure would not be the last! We would spread life, we would remake the stars in our image and we would become the creator we were denied the chance to have or to know. 

Can you imagine what a million worlds, a billion trillion people at the height of their technological advancement can create? Such things have never before been witnessed, and never again shall. The spirit of the Great Seeding infused every man, woman and child in existence with purpose. 

The great fleets were refitted, rebuilt and renamed. Then new ships that overshadowed the biggest ever before were commissioned. Keels laid down longer than entire cities. The shipyards of the galaxy filled with life. Yet it was not just the weapons of war and those who tended them that found themselves swept up in this new fervour.

Artisans and craftsmen had their role to fill, perhaps more than most. For they were charged with creating wordless, timeless messages that might stand a chance of surviving until life gained sentience and sapience. We would leave what we could behind, come what may. Our greatest materials might survive supernova and stellar absolute zero. Our monuments would seek to outlast us to tell our stellar children that we were the firstborn, the primogenitors, and we seeded the universe that they might not be alone one day.

With the fleets to carry them and the will of the worlds behind them, next came the technology to awake dead worlds. Bio-engineers created life-bombs, great packages of amino acids, complex proteins, algae blooms. Genetic wonders would consume poisonous compounds and vomit forth the building blocks of all life. Nanomachines would purge the heavy metals and rebuild long-gone atmospheres. Vast terraforming machines would set forth, tilling endlessly and tirelessly to sift soil and melt ice. 

The orbital bombardment cannons were to be fired once again - not in anger, but in hope. When our terrible and vast warships entered orbit around ancient, dead worlds, they began their work. Kinetic drivers shattered long-dormant crusts, clearing the way for the world-breakers and chem-clusters ordnance. The terrible majesty of weapons that once wiped continents clean found they were just as apt at building, in their own violent way.

Colossal gun barrels turned to face the planet, grinding into place. Huge shells the size of tower blocks were hauled into place by unfathomable machines, filled with the stuff of life. The weapons of mass creation were finally ready to launch. The humans began their work across ten thousand light years. The greatest weapons ever built began to fire one after the other.

Their roar would echo around the galaxy for all time.