Tales from DnD: A star wars story, session 3
iridael
/u/battlesneeze pulled his thumb out and finished the edit for this double quick so here it is nice and early.

[session 2](https://redd.it/4cb7x8)

---
Session 3


Heave rookie! Rogarn shouts at me. I push with all my might to get the heavy turret the last few inches up onto the vantage point we are to use. Well, at least I didnt have to lug the turret all the way up. Rogarn had handled that with the aid of his jetpack.

Pushing as hard as I can, the turret slides onto flat ground and Rogarn begins fixing it in place. I heave my ass up and catch my breath.

Remember the plan? he asks me when hes done.

Yeah, shoot at the truck, but dont hit it. I reply and flick the controls of the turret to manual. Avarr had been very specific about that part, the fact he was willing to let the two people who were here to hunt him down shoot at him was probably a little stupid on his part. That, or the man was stupid brave.

Right, so get shooting.  Rogarn grunts, and signals down to the others that were ready.

Nodding I get behind the turret, giving its support a little kick to check that its grounded properly, before starting to shoot bursts of fire at the transport. Shots melt the sand around it, zoom overhead, and one even scorches a line across the back of the transport before It reaches the massive labour camp up ahead. Making my aim even sloppier, I shoot around the gate, watching panicked guards just wave through our little trojan horse. The second its through, I flick the auto fire on and jam the switch in place. Now that the gun is an auto turret, we could move on to the next part of the plan. As a final fuck you to the enemy, I fiddle with the circuitry and add a proximity detonator to it. Now the gun is also a bomb.

Ready to move? I ask Rogarn, who nods and slides down from the cliff, heading off to our second point on the opposite side of the complex.
 
------

Avarr gives Airis a slight smile as he casually drives the transport through the labour camp, past looming barracks and ominous, grated pits. Told you itd work.

Airis sighs. Just because a bad idea happens to work doesnt make it a good idea.

Well, thats a point I disagree on. Besides, you look lovely in uniform.

Do you *have* to-?

Yes, yes I do.

Pulling up in front of the complexs central control tower, Avarr turns back towards the passengers.
Ladies. Gentlemen. Lets do some damage.

The pirate captain exits the vehicle, opening the prison compartment, allowing the disguised rebels to exit as well.

Move! Avarr shouts, and collectively the rebels  charge out of the transport and begin to secure the immediate surroundings. A short firefight erupts, as a few guards confusedly try to defend the tower gates. It doesnt last long.

Norin looks up at the main gates of the tower. Theyre large, and fortified.

Alright genious, how do we get inside?

Avarr grins. Ah, that is the easy part. We knock.

He saunters up to the gate, and knocks twice. A short while later, the Click of the locking mechanism is heard, and a guard peeks outside.

Avarr thwacks him in the face with a stun baton, sending the convulsing guard flying back into the tower. Excuse me, but I have an appointment, Avarr quips as he steps over the now unconscious guard.

Ladies. He holds the doors open for Airis and Norin, who both enter the room ahead of a figurative flood of resistance fighters.

The lobby room they enter looks more like something suited to a corporate office rather than the forced labour camp that it was, even including a remarkably beautiful secretary with a remarkably short skirt.

Excuse me, miss. But Id like to ask you to stay where you are. Avarr says to the secretary, who freezes up in her seat. Good girl.
 
Where is the communications room? Airis asks, looking at Avarr.

Top floor, you can take the turbolift all the way there. he says quickly, motioning at the turbolift door.

The boys will keep this area clear. I have somewhere I need to be. He says walking to the lift and calling it down for Airis and Norin.

Cant keep it in, huh? Norin asks, looking from the pirate to the secretary, who sheepily looks back at them.
Alas, I could never keep a lady waiting. Avarr mock-bows to Airis, and gives Norin a smile before turning on his heel, and walking out the front door once more as the lift doors open.

Airis and Norin both get inside, and Norin presses the button for top floor. The lift moves up, but before it gets halfway it shuts down and stops.

Ill get this. Aris says igniting her sabre and cutting through the thin metal of the lifts roof. Together, they jump out and start climbing. Aris bounds upwards with force-empowered leaps, and reaches the top floor far before her apprentice, who climbs the shaft by mundane means.

Norin grumbles as she trudges upwards. Use the lift, they say. Itll be fast, they say. Damn idiots 
Aris, meanwhile, gets to work forcing the elevator doors open. With a bit of space wizardry, the doors slide open enough for Aris to peek through the gap. Ahead, she notes that the movement of the doors have not been unseen, as the operators inside the room have all gathered up and armed themselves.


She can hear one of them say to the others, Hey does anyone have a grenade?
I do Aris whispers, smiling as she pulls out a frag grenade she had been given by the mandalorians. Throwing it through the gap, and using the force to guide it straight into the hands of the person who just spoke, theres a loud bang followed by a severed arm flying down the shaft, straight past Norins nose. Aris climbs up into the room, looking around to see three survivors crumpled into various corners of the room.

One of them mutters what sounds like Thats not what I meant, before dying as well.
 
------

Looking at the tower through my binoculars, I see an explosion followed by blood and guts spraying everywhere.
 
Good grenade. I mutter with a smile on my lips.

What happened? Rogarn asks.

I think Aris just used the grenade I gave her. I reply, still grinning maliciously.

He grunts in response.

*Tower secure. Begin mission* Norin says over the coms, and the rest of the resistance begin their attack, from the south side of the prison, three more transports loaded with troops appear, emerging from where they had been concealed. Rogarn, who is not exactly the most patient of people, instantly jetpacks into the compound. As he flies, he launches a missile at some guards on the wall before dropping between two buildings, disappearing from view.

Deciding to check everything before I move, I scan the sky and spot a shuttle rapidly approaching. Thats not according to plan. The resistance doesnt have anything that travels through the air, so I take aim and squeeze three potshots at it. Even if anti-personnel fire isnt likely to do any damage to a flyer, they might make the pilot think twice before flying in. Two go wide as it curves towards the prison but the third pings off the lower armour. From its side, a burst of blaster fire heads straight for me, sending bits of sand and fragments of stone everywhere, including driving a shard beneath my shoulder plate and into my shoulder.

Fucking bas- I say before activating general broadcast You missed! Dumbass! Your mother was a storm trooper! I shout before rolling down the hill towards the wall surrounding the labour camp. As I do, I hear more shots, and the screaming of the approaching rebels. Looking around, I see a number of my allies torn to shreds by machinegun fire as they were trying to set up explosives to blow the gates. Then, as suddenly as it started, the onslaught ends with the shuttle turning back towards the other side of the labour camp.
 
-------

From the command tower, Norin can see the shuttle swing around and after taking a hit, returning fire at the Mandalorian. The bastard is either dumb or ballsy. Master! Incoming shuttle! she shouts. Aris turns, looking out the blood-stained glass. Well then, change of plans. Move to support the rebels! she cuts through the glass and uses the force to propel herself out and down the tower before her apprentice even has time to react.

*Well, I guess Ill just take the stairs, then.* Norin says to herself, before making her way downwards. 

Landing into a roll, Aris runs across the open yard towards a pair of barracks. Force-jumping on top of them and continuing towards the wall as the shuttle arcs around towards her.

Surrender or DIE! She can hear the Mandalorian yell, and looking down she can see him holding a lightsaber. Wait, a LIGHTSABER? Doing a second take, she can see him holding the green blade towards an enemy guard, just as hes followed through the gates by a whole unit of rebels. The small group of guards smartly put down their guns and surrender to the rebels, granting them free passage.

Bringing her attention back to the shuttle she assumes a defensive posture just in time to deflect the incoming blaster fire, even managing to deflect two of the blasts back at the shuttle, taking out its landing gear and damaging an engine slightly.

------

Norin grunts slightly. Why...are...there...so many stairs? She complains as she gets down to the bottom floor. Finally! Opening the stair door, she runs through the lobby and into the thick of the fighting outside, as more rebels flood into the compound. She blocks several hasty blaster shots, which she sends flying back towards their owners, sending them sprawling to the ground. In a momentary lull of the fighting, she looks around for her master. Spotting her on top of one of the barracks, deflecting blaster rounds from the shuttle. 

Why the hell is she up there?, Norin wonders, being broken out of her thoughts by another shot coming at her. Blocking it, Norin runs towards her master, ducking between buildings for cover.

------
 
Aris blocks the final shot from the shuttle. As the shuttle gets out of range, Aris drops down from the barracks. Knowing full well that she better not take another strafing run head on, she ducks into the barracks, away from the shuttles line of sight.

The interior of the barracks are dirty, with row upon row of filthy, tightly-packed bunk beds. But more than anything, its dry, hot and dark. Blinking to help her eyes adjust to the light, Aris notices that not all beds are currently vacant.

Wa-ter someone groans with a hoarse voice that seems to crack under the strain of talking. Waving the dust away, Aris can now see that a number of the beds are occupied by scrawny, malnourished prisoners. It seems like those that cant work, also arent allowed to eat. Her heart aches as she sees that a frightening amount of the starving seem to be children.

This is what theyre here to stop.

Aris holds up her lightsaber, the most prominent source of light in the forsaken hall.
Listen up! Im here to set you free! Those who can walk, help those that can, and Ill cut the chains!  

Right now, Aris was happy that she had refused the councils orders to stand down and await backup. Theres no telling how many more days these people would be able to survive.

-------
 
For the moment, I am really glad I took Moddaas lightsaber. It had saved us quite a few minutes by letting us just cut through the gates, rather than us having to set up explosives to blow the thing to hell and back. Since the jedi have the shuttles attention right now, I begin to climb up the wall and into one of the guard towers. Someone has to deal with the flyer, and the anti-air turrets mounted on top of the guard towers were the best candidates. On top of the wall, I see a guard and a sergeant manning the turret. Putting two blaster shots from my pistol into the sergeant before either has time to react. I hit him in the chest, but sadly his ballistic armor saves his life as it absorbs the impact. I twist around, placing a perfect shot through the goons skull as the sergeant begins to return fire. He hits me in the same damn shoulder that the stone shard is lodged in, numbing the entire arm. I twist back to him, and fire a furious flurry of shots into him, until his chestplate is a burning crater.

Mother fucker, I hope you can still feel this! I shout, deactivating my lightsaber. I pull out my boot knife, and slowly severs his head from his body. A moment later his genital-stuffed head flies down from the tower and I seat myself in the gunners seat on the turret. Eat a dick. I say, snickering to myself as I line up the shot. The shuttle moves back towards the rebels, but as it prepares to fire I take my shot. The blast flies true, ripping up a massive hole in the shuttles side, and sends the thing spiralling down to the ground. You too, asshole. I say, grinning as I see it hit the ground. I see as a single man rises from the ashes, a vibroblade in one hand, gatling gun in the other. Fuck, the bastards big.  
 
-----

Emerging from the barracks just in time to see the shuttle come crashing down, Aris watches as a hulking figure emerges. Its a figure she recognizes.

Gritting her teeth, glaring needles at the man, she squeezes out *Rook.*

Rook, who had been Norin and Aris companion as they arrived at the planet, had switched over to the side of the oppressive government as soon as things started getting hot. He had even gone so far as lead the government forces straight to them, destroying the rebel camp and forcing them to run.

Luckily, the rebels had spread out their resources, but Rooks betrayal had almost cost Aris and Norin their lives.

She abandons safety, and runs head first at the filthy traitor as he bares down his gun towards her.

Deflecting a shower of shots, Aris gets in close with only minor scratches.

Seeing Rook starting to panic through the face plate, Aris grins malevolently.

Eat this, asshole.

She chops down, severing the hand he was using to hold his vibroblade, Aris doesnt even give Rook time to scream before severing his head from his body.

Queen takes rook. She says, looking around at the other survivors from the crash crawling out from the burning wreckage.

Seeing their commander struck down, they dont even attempt resistance; and all around the camp, fighting dies down as what guards are left are outflanked and crushed.
