Mutations in Lockdown
blablabliam
It's been another cold night in Black Penitentiary. Most prisons I've been in tend to be on the cold side, in an attempt to keep sanitation levels high, but Black is a thousand times worse.

The aging prison vessel ASPC Black As Hell was set in motion seven thousand years ago as a place for only the worst scum the universe has to offer. While you would think that a seven thousand year old spacecraft would have rusted out and died a thousand years ago, the Black As Hell is special in that it orbits a black hole, so relativity caught up to it pretty fast.

Why the Alliance did this makes perfect sense; because the craft ages so slowly, maintenance is super cheap, and refueling only takes place every fifty years. In addition, there is no possible way for an inmate to achieve escape velocity in the Black As Hell itself. In short, the only way to get on or off comes once every fifty years. Finally, the lack of ambient energy from a star makes the Black cold as hell, too. Nothing like frostbite to keep inmates in line.

Anyways, tomorrow is the next refueling. I was taken here five.. no, six Events ago. Everyone I knew on the outside has been dead for almost two hundred years, but I am only twelve years older. Immortality is great, until you have no friends or family. Then it becomes numb. The last time I got contact from the outside was an instant of giggles from a kindergarten class three years ago. By now they are all dead and dying, too.

My only lasting companion here has been Rick. He was my cellmate for the first month I spent here, but now his cell is on the other side of the back wall of my cell. We made a code of knocks and taps for ourselves, distinct from the prison standard, so we could communicate in secret. So we could plan things out. Stay focused and not lose hope. What we share might even a friendship make.

Tomorrow, however, that friendship is going to be tested. Rick and I are not going to die here, flash frozen in dying orbit around a black hole. I have better things to do than sit in this cell, eating ice and frozen rations, huddling under my blanket. I want to see the sun again, see people without shackles, and eat a goddamn hamburger. Above all, I just want to be warm again.

----

A soft tap by my shoulder woke me up. Before I could tap back and confirm that I was awake, Rick knocked the wall again, a little more impatiently. I tapped quietly, and sent a quick message. "I'm up, STOP, You ready, STOP."

"OK Stay near wall, STOP."

I tucked under my bed like a little kid and prayed I wouldn't get killed before I got out. I've escaped jails before, but nothing like this.

BOOM. Bum Bum BOOM BOOM BOOMBOOMBOOM!!! Tiny explosions echoed through the cell block as each cell sealer short circuited and exploded in a pulse of hardlight and sound. I screamed out in pain as a bolt of hardlight caught my thigh before dissipating. Looking down at the scratch in my skin, I praised the lord it only touched me; most guys that touch hardlight with their skin take back less then they started with.

Before the dust settled, I sprinted out the open wall of my cell, bolting toward the first corner where I would meet up with Rick and head toward the resupply bay. Screams of alien pain ricocheted through the chilly tunnels of Black, where sleeping inmates were waking up in less than one piece, victims of their own doors. It was as if a choir of a thousand races was calling at once, screaming for help and sounding a hymn of chaos.

I spun over the threshold at the end of the hall and almost collided with Rick, his left arm slightly singed. "Let's move," he whispered, "before anyone notices we left!" I chase behind him, the scent of his arm making my mouth water. Hamburger, go away. I'm trying to escape prison, and you want me to eat my friend. No thanks.

We push past a bewildered guard, and as he falls to the floor, I relieve him of his stun gun. I check the battery as Rick searches for his ID and keys. Battery is green, keys are silver, ID is.. Medusa colored. I give the blinded guard a kick to the left kidney, and before he can protest, Rick and I are out of sight.

Dashing past the cafeteria, we slip into a janitor closet with the key our alien friend will take the heat for losing. Inside, we change into a pair of sanitation uniforms, the bright plastic resisting any movement and squeaking with each step. This escape is loud, so trying to sneak around is an exercise in futility. Nobody expects the bright yellow disguise. The added insulation is a plus.

I take a peak out the door, and wait for a squad of guards to haul ass past the room before squeaking out with Rick in tow. Heading into the last hallway to the bay, I notice a shadow behind the next corner. I press myself against the wall and draw my stun gun, the barrel leveled at the shadow.

Click, click, click goes the approaching footsteps. Two guards and an inmate round the corner, practically dragging the lady across the frosty floor. I drop both of the humanoid guards with shots to the neck, and they fall to the floor with a thud. Moving on, I quietly pray that the pair freeze to death.

Before I could leave, though, I heard the girl say my name, her soft accent drawing out the vowels. "Hooper, don't leave me here!"

I spun around, wondering if I knew her. Another possible ally could help, but if this took any longer, we might not get aboard the ship. Mental coin toss still in the air, I said screw it and ran back to her, pounding her magnetic ties with pulses from the stun gun. 

"Hooper, hurry up! Leave the bitch behind, we need to move NOW," I read Rick say. "She's dead weight, lets go!"

Unhooking the last restraint herself, she sprang up off the floor, where I saw at last how tall she was. I grabbed he arm and pulled her toward Rick, breaking into a run. I'd be damned if I let a friend die here, and anyone who knows my name *must* know me from somewhere. *Anywhere* at the very least.

"Shit, that was another thirty seconds! Hurry up, they might finish unloading before we get there!" Rick's paranoia was starting to get to him, and I wasn't any better. My paranoia was starting to grow too, however. Who was this girl? How did she know me?

Before we reached the bay doors, the girl spoke up. "There's five guards in there behind the closest forklift, and thirteen men moving across the floor to the left. If you wait thirty seconds, they should pass," she whispered, adding, "Trust me and wait."

"What the fuck?" said Rick, looking at her with disdain. "If we don't move in there ASAP, that bird's leaving without us!" Before she could reply, Rick busted through the door heading straight for the ship, his orange suit squeaking as he ran. Before I could follow him in, the girl tackled me to the floor, holding me back.

As the door swung closed in front of me, I saw the zaps of alien weaponry flash through the crack, followed by the screams of my best friend. Shit. 

"Stay quiet, they might think he came alone," said the girl, holding me against the wall. I didn't expect her to be this strong, but I was starting to regret my decisions in freeing her.

"You let Rick die, and you want me to listen to you??" I spat, more pissed off than mournful. "Who the fuck do you think you are, you bitch?"

"I'm your best hope for escape. Rick killed himself, by the way. Don't blame me for his stupidity," she shot back, "and the name is Samantha. Don't underestimate me, either. I am far more capable than I look."

My look was one of combined rage and incredulousness. I struggled against her, and earned a swift punch to the temple. As the world faded to Black, I felt her throw me over her shoulder.

-----

I came to in an alien chair with a sharp pain in my head and neck, the last thing I could remember being the death of my best friend, and the only thing in front of me a blanket of distorted stars, gravity curving the light all around them.

"I guess we escaped, huh? How'd you manage to pull that off, Samantha?" I inquired, hoping she was in the cockpit with me. "I know you're in here," I lied.

Samantha crept out of the shadows in the room, holding a gun to my head as she sat down in the chair beside me. "I expected you to be a little more... Violent."

"You don't get into Black penitentiary by being reckless. Are we on the ship?" I asked her.

"Yep. The minute after you punched out, the alien bastards left the bay to quench the riots you caused. Sorry about what I said earlier, by the way. Things were a bit heated and I lost my cool," she said with a tinge of humility. When I saw her face, however, it all clicked.

The way she knew what was behind every door, the strength she held me with. One of her eyes glowed a soft blue, the telltale sign of a cyborg. She smiled, her biosensors picking up my distress. "Welcome to the future, Hooper. You're one of the last humans without a proper mindlink alive, but damn, it feels good to know you are alive. When I went through Cadet training, we were taught about the legendary rampage of Commander Hooper Barnum through the Aries sector of the galaxy. You have a lot to catch up on, my fellow Commander," she said, redialing the controls and turning down the throttle. Before us, the stars were looking less and less distorted by the second.

"Did you say *fellow* commander?" I asked, looking at her brilliant blue eye.

To my surprise, Samantha stood up and rendered me a crisp salute. "Sir, Commander Samantha Hawes, ID 437-2860-23GAMMA, Third Fleet, Sir!" Her sound off impressed me immediately. She dropped her salute and laughed, saying, "It feels weird having two big fish in the same pond."

I reclined in my chair and turned to see the ASPC Black As Hell disappearing behind the black hole, it's frozen hull lit with nuclear power. Nothing could make me smile more.

"So, Samantha, what do you say we get back to the Fleet and get some hamburgers? I've been dying to try that new 'lime drink' flavored MRE pouch for three hundred years," I said, adding "If those damn things are still around."

Samantha plopped back into her chair and with a sarcastic glance said, "The 'lime drink' as you know it might still be in a military history museum somewhere. Today's modern army uses 'green crud' instead. Something about low carbs I think."

"Whatever it is, just let it be warm," I replied, waiting to bask in the glow of a real sun.

-----

Thanks for reading, this was my first OC. If you spot an error, let me know! I hate bad grammar as much as the next guy.

Edit: Thank's to hodmandod for pointing out a timeline error!