Wrong
AschirgVII
They thought that the morals we created bound our natural instincts and made us weak. They thought our struggle for peace and love made us easy to manipulate and blind. They thought caring for our weak held our species down as a whole and stopped us from evolving further. They thought hope was just something useless that extended our suffering. We were just predators that caged themselves, ripping out our teeth and claws, thinking we had improved ourselves. They thought we cared too much, about everything.

They weren't wrong. 

Our morals made us help their stranded spaceship. We brought it to Earth and nursed all the travellers back to health, not even thinking what their intentions to come to us might have been. Our wish for love and peace blinded us to the possible danger they represented. We didn't see the envious looks, with which they glanced upon our world. We didn't attack them when they took hostages to shield them. We hoped, that we somehow could somehow solve this problem peacefully.

We were wrong.

You didn't return the hostages you took. Instead you let loose a killer virus that was supposed to kill all of us. You threw the now useless hostages into the vacuum of space and jumped to get the rest of your species, to settle on the soon to be vacant planet.

You were wrong.

Ripping out our teeth and claws didn't make us weaker, it allowed us to grow together and become stronger than we could have ever been alone. But we weren't as strong as we could have been, we didn't need to. You changed that. Caring for our weak seemed to have been a blessing. We were such an incredibly diverse species, not all humans were affected by your virus.  Some part of a mutation in a genetic sickness, you would have eradicated from your gene pool long ago seemed to make humans immune against your virus. We soon found out which and used it to make all of us immune to your virus.

Everything you did went horribly wrong. 

When you came back you didn't bring military ships. You thought we had all died. Not only did we not die, we became united, we became stronger, embracing our old hate together as one. Our souls burned as fierce as our plasma cannons. Your colony ships were reduced to dust. Except for one, we soon found out where exactly your sickness had spread in the galaxy and we would eradicate you just like your virus was intended to do.

Doing so were we wrong?

We destroyed you with a virus of our own creation, but not to kill you, no that pleasure we wanted for ourselves. The virus modified your genes, it enhanced your senses, especially your ability to feel pain. The safety measure to faint, when you are in too much pain, useless, we removed that. Boundaries at which something is perceived as pain, who would ever need such a thing, away with that too. When we were done with you, simply staying alive, you were in worse pain, than we could have ever inflicted on you before. We could have tortured you more, we could have killed you all, but why should we show so much mercy? Oh no, you weren't gonna get off so easy! We nursed you, just  enough so you didn't die. Now generations later you have grown slowly accustomed to the pain. Maybe we need to modify you again. 

We were wrong to do so, but we no longer cared.
