[OC] Just Wires & Bones
Dachande663
CLU watched the passengers on the ship babble between themselves in the disparate languages each had settled upon as they floated around the cramped dining area. He knew they would understand each other the same way he understood them. Circuits and logic programmed to interpret between the Common tongue and the thousands, nay millions, of dialects that littered the Universe like once-cherished and now-discarded totems of a forgotten time.

It caused the circuits within his own central processing unit to struggle with the rationale of it all. The medium, pressure waves generated by delicate muscles prone to damage, was wholly without redundancy. But it was nothing compared to the actual content of those warbling and barking and hissing sounds.

In a single data transmission he could blast across more data than a Transverian could whistle in it's entire lifetime. To resort to such an archaic and anaemic method of communication made CLU wish for the company of his own kind and the euphoria of the link.

"What about you metal-mind?" the Alkrash asked from its perch in the corner of the room. In the microcycles it took the words to decode within CLU's mind he had already formulated a thousand possible enquiries and an infinitely larger set of responses.

"Humans are incalculable."

"You're supposed to be the smartest calculators in the Universe!" the Sillutian pointed out, both insult and compliment rolled into one series of sounds. "Surely you can think of something better to remember them by."

"They defy reason."

"But you fought against them in the war. You and the Magellan's were the only race to come close to beating them."

"Our defeat was inevitable, because they were incalculable."

The Sillutian relaxed the small hole that made it's way along it's throat, a prelude to another outpouring of sound, but the Alkrash cut him off with a wave of his giant clawed hand.

"What were they like?" he asked.

CLU took a moment to compose his thoughts and arrive at a narrative that covered the most salient points. To his companions this took the span of the autonomic blink of an eye. Having collected his thoughts CLU felt exasperation at having to verbalise the results and smiled. The humans and their emotions had rubbed off on him.

"I was assembled by another of my line, an exact replica of an exact replica. We arrived at this form millennia ago and realised further pursuit of perfection would be unproductive compared to other tasks we could complete.

"The first thing you notice upon meeting humans though, once outside of their mechanical suits of course, is that each is wholly and utterly unique. They are conceived as the random coupling of genetic traits passed down by countless progenitors."

"Same as the rest of us," the Sillutian cut in.

"Speak for yourself," the Angel in their midst said delicately.

"Naturally," CLU continued. "But they thrive at this disharmony in their make-up. And it is not just in their genes. Their art and politics and every mannerism is shaped distinctively from the whole. Though they may approach an average, none ever reside within that standard deviation from the norm. It is a wholly unsettling thought, being unable to gauge one's enemy as a common foe.

"They are incalculable however for one very simple reason. Beyond all others, they hold most dear to themselves a radical notion. Their culture is littered with warnings of this idea, this tease into the abyss, and yet any human will find themselves buoyed by it given the correct stimulus.

"Curiosity."

Some of the other passengers laughed but CLU watched for the tell-tale signs of realisation.

"We all are curious. It is how we reached the stars," the Alkrash said.

"You left your planet when there was no other option. Humans went from powered flight to escaping their atmosphere within a century."

"Impossible."

"And yet it is so. They travelled to the hottest, tallest, deepest, most inhospitable parts of their world just to see them. They face darkness and go into it willingly, purely to sate their curiosity. When we met them, they met us and they learnt and when we went to war they would try anything."

Mention of the war had broken the spirit of the small dining area and for a few moments only the hum of the ships engines remained. CLU pulled out a small sheaf of pressed wood pulp and placed it gently on the table in the null-gravity. The others crowded around to look.

It was a crude drawing of two entities. One, drawn in a silvery wax was obviously meant to be one of the mechanoid lines to which CLU belonged, but the other being was much smaller and a deep collection of purple and pinks.

"A human child drew this. I stood on one of their worlds during the first purges and found her and she showed no fear, only curiosity. She asked endless questions and drew on her small pad and when her supply of correctly-coloured materials fell short she resorted to whatever was at hand. She gave it to me and wanted to hold my hand.

"And when I obliged, for unlike her parents I was not a monster, her eyes could not help themselves. She drank in my every detail and I realised the most terrifying thing about them."

CLU returned the paper to his internal containment and ensured it was safely nestled away.

"Every one of their species is born a predator. Every curious act they take is an act of conquest in preparation. We cannot calculate their movements for in doing so they learn more about us and adapt accordingly. They truly are the most curious and cunning of all the species."

-x-

NB: Probably my last submission for a while (or until I get bored). I'm on holiday as of tomorrow and have a few ideas I might try putting together in a longer form.