The Good Earth / Look to the Stars
j1xwnbsr
We used to look up at the stars and dream.

Our dreams were the stuff of legends, full of endless wonders and amazing discoveries. In time we turned our dreams into messages of hope and welcome, tiny electromagnetic bottles tossed into an endless sea of stars. Are there any others out there, dreamers like ourselves? we asked. We stood by and waited, listening eagerly for someone to respond and give us an answer.

What we got were nightmares made flesh, creatures impossible to describe and powerful beyond imagination. Our glowing dreams were shattered, turned sour and rotten as reality came crashing down around us.

The stars fell from the sky and brought with them death and destruction, alien beings that we were unable to comprehend let alone fight.

So we did the smart thing and we hid. Gathered our children and tucked ourselves deep out of sight, deep within the good earth. There we cowered in the dark and waited for the terrors stalking the surface of our world to grow bored and move on. And in time they did, leaving just as quickly and mysteriously as they had arrived. In their wake they left a battered and broken world, a world that had unjustly suffered from their visit. Our world was torn asunder and almost beyond salvage by the terrible creatures from the stars. Almost. But it was still ours. Still good. Still home.

Crawling out from the holes we had dug to keep ourselves safe, we set about the business of rebuilding our shattered world. Cleaning up what the monsters had left behind, repairing the damage they had caused during their visit. We became builders and craftsmen once again, but no longer dreamers. We no longer sent out messages of hope and refused to even look to the stars, instead preferring to keep our heads down and stare at the ground beneath our feet. Good solid ground, hard rock and earth that had protected us during those dark times. The stars and our dreams had betrayed us, delivering evil things to our doorstep. But the good earth had kept us safe, and in return we would protect it by keeping our dreams focused inwards. Where our heads were once in the clouds our feet were now firmly in the dirt. In this way we avoided the stars and the terrors they held, keeping them at bay from our planet, our home. Our good earth.

We did our best to forget about the stars and the dreams we once had. We became insular, scared, and jumpy at the slightest noise.

But the stars did not forget about us.

This time they came in a single ship. And in that single ship was a single being, made of the purest white with strange red and blue markings upon its chest, its face a smooth golden shield set into a round head. A single silent being that moved slowly, as if it was uncertain of the world around it. Five thick fingers were raised upwards, spread open to show it was unarmed and that it came in peace.

We killed it anyways.

We smashed it with clubs and knives and rocks until it fell to the ground and stopped moving. And in doing so we discovered the white was just fabric and rubber, and the head was just a shell. Inside was a different creature, one with pale pink skin looking up at us with sad brown eyes beneath a mop of dark hair. Blood as red as our own leaked into the dirt, staining it black as the pale creature made strange noises and breathed its last.

As a species we rejoiced, glorifying in our violence, our ability to kill one of the terrible star creatures. But then our collective joy turned into fear. What if there were more? What if this one was missed and its brethren came looking for it? We quickly buried the body and the ship, consigning both to the good earth, hiding them away from the stars like we had once hid ourselves. And then we went about our business, refusing to look up lest we bring more of them to our world, our good earth.

In time we forgot, but again the stars did not.

This time it was more than one ship, it was dozens. And instead of a single being it was hundreds. Hundreds of creatures, some with two legs and some with four or six or more. Some that hovered above the ground and some that crawled. All were clothed in the same pure white fabric with the same markings as before. An incomplete red triangle superimposed over a pale blue dot, enclosed by a simple hoop arcing around four unknown symbols. Only this time, instead of empty hands or claws, each were carrying what we could only believe were weapons of war.

So we did what we had done once before. We hid. We gathered our children and tucked ourselves deep out of sight, deep within the good earth. Leaving the creatures from the stars to once again destroy what we had built, we retreated and waited for them to grow bored. We believed that in time they too would leave like their predecessors had and we would crawl out to rebuild and restart. Our world may be shattered and sundered afresh, but we would survive. The good earth would see to that, just like it always had and always would.

But unlike before, this time we left watchers behind. Brave souls whose only job was to spy and report, to let those us still hiding in the dark know what had been done to our world and when it was safe to come back out.

What they told us was strange. This time the creatures from the stars were not rampaging throughout the countryside, destroying everything they touched. Instead of tearing and smashing they seemed to be exploring, examining our books and buildings and works of art. Looking close but never touching. Our watchers reported flashing lights emanating from the flat squares each creature seemed to carry at all times, lights that reflected strangely from the golden shields built into the round shells they wore over their heads.

And then suddenly they left, climbing aboard their ships and returning the stars above, leaving our world exactly as it had been before. Unbroken. Whole. Still good. Still ours.

But laying the middle of the field where their ships had been was a single picture. Not one made of oils and ground clay daubed onto a stretched bit of fabric, but something else entirely. Something amazing and wondrous - smooth and shiny, richly detailed and impossibly lifelike. The image seemed to float just above the surface, tricking the eyes into thinking it contained depth where none existed.

The picture was of three creatures, the one in the middle similar to the bipedal being we had killed many seasons before. But instead of sad brown eyes this ones were the brightest blue, full of life and joy. Long five-fingered arms were draped over the shoulders of its compatriots, one resembling a type of slug and the other a bird with gills. All three were very different, but all seemed to be smiling and laughing at some joke they were sharing.

Written below the picture in our own language was a message, the words crude and simple but surprisingly clear:

We understand. Not all bad. Come join us. Much to see. Many wonders. Dream again.

On the back of the picture was a long set of mathematical symbols and equations that our best thinkers say are the key to building our own ships. Ships that could take us to the stars and away from the good earth that had given us a home and kept us safe for generations.

We used to look to the stars and dream. Dreams of endless wonders and amazing discoveries. But when those dreams turned into nightmares, we stopped dreaming and abandoned the stars. Like children hiding in the folds of a mothers skirt, we hid within our own good earth and looked away in hopes the stars would abandon us in return, believing that would be enough to keep the nightmares at bay.

But we cannot be children forever. The good earth can only protect us so much. There are others like ourselves out there, strange creatures waiting for us in the glittering darkness to venture forth and take our place beside them. Each pinprick of light promises a fresh chance to find endless wonders and amazing discoveries, each one different than before.

Nightmares, too.

The stars offer all of this and more, things beyond imagination and impossible to describe. We can no longer hide within our the good earth and ignore the stars, pretending that they do not exist.

It is time for us to look up and dream once again.
