[OC] What Ever Happened To Humanity? 02 ...Coordinates?
chipgw
Original: [00 The Crowd](https://www.reddit.com/r/HFY/comments/4a7ewv/oc_the_crowd/)
    
Previous: [01 Delivery](https://www.reddit.com/r/HFY/comments/4agqwc/oc_delivery_continued_from_the_crowd/)

Several minutes of awkward silence passed between the human and the kriaki. Matieu wanted to ask Adam Jydnak what he was doing on a backwater public colony planet, but he had already made it quite clear he had no intention of sharing any such information. Matieu, after running through possible ways of wording the question, finally decided to ask about the experience at the landing pad instead.

Are crowds like that common for you?

Unfortunately, yes. No matter how hard I try to keep things under wraps word always manages to get out. Ive even tried landing away from the landing pad, but atmospheric entry gives it away. That results in having to explain the situation to the authorities and thus word still gets out, tied to my residence no less.

You can do that?

Do what?

Legally land spacecraft on private property.

Technically I can do just about anything I dang well please. Humanity has the largest portion of galactic governing authority, which apparently now falls on me.

Really?

Yep. Heck, I could practically declare myself emperor within the current bounds of the law. I doubt Id last long if I tried anything tyrannical though Adam paused for a moment, as if considering the possibility. Eh, whatever. I have other interests anyway. Ill leave the senate alone if they leave me alone.

Wow. Wait, but then couldnt you just block all entry into the landing pad for as long as you need it?

Tried that once, it just ended up drawing more attention.

Instead of just drawing the local crowd it brought people from all around the planet and nearby systems as well the AI chimed in. It was his biggest crowd ever, he even broke some records.

Didnt I tell you to go downstairs? Adam scowled at the newly reappeared hologram.

The AI seemed to smile, as much as a dodecahedron could, and began, What you said was...

Ill see you in the workshop. came Adams voice over the sound system.

 ...which is, in fact, upstairs in this building. Additionally, I do not go anywhere, I am virtually omnipresent throughout this residence.

Alright, alright. You got me again. Adam admitted.

The hologram reformed to show some sort of tally and added a mark to the most filled of the two columns.

Anyway. Ive been trying all sorts of things to take care of this. In fact, some of the stuff I picked up is to try to mask the atmospheric entry of a craft. Matieu opened his mouth to ask another question, but Adam continued, Yes, there are some methods of silencing the audible boom, but the planetary authorities can still pick them up. To develop anything preventing that would be illegal, but Ive already told you how that whole situation works out for me.

By the way, the AI noted, the kriaki you brought in is awake. Adam and Matieu quickly turned to look at the bed, where the assistant was sitting with all four eyes as open as they could go. He has been for about half the conversation.

With all the attention in the room suddenly turned to him, the assistant started to turn orange again.

Nonononononono! Adam exclaimed, raising his hands palms out in front of him. Dont pass out again!

Hed probably do better if you were to leave the room... offered the AI.

Yes. Good idea. Adam stood up and turned to Matieu. You know the way out, leave whenever youre ready. At that the human left the room.


---


Shall I bring up the CAD for the entry mask design? The AI inquired as Adam entered the workshop.

Nah, I think Ill go through my dads things first.

Ah yes, I left them untouched in their crate, just as you had directed.

Thanks.

Adam entered the opened crate containing items belonging to his late father. He began taking out boxes and sorting through them. The first one he opened contained some old-style electronics equipment, which brought back memories of how his father had first gotten him interested in working with hardware. After looking through them nostalgically for a few minutes, he set them on a floating tray that was waiting outside the crate.

Put these by my desk, Ill sort them into my toolboxes later. stated Adam, before entering the crate again. 

Even the data chip?

Adam poked his head out from inside the crate. Data chip?

Yes, Im detecting a small data chip inside an item in the box.

Walking back out to the tray, Adam pointed to the left of the box. Show me its location.

A wireframe version of the box and its contents appeared where Adam was pointing, with a little highlighted dot contained inside a soldering iron.

It appears your father had some information he was trying to hide.

Well he didnt do a very good job, you picked it right up.

In his defense, the technology capable of detecting such a small chip inside an enclosure like that was only rediscovered 2.98 standard years ago, and is still very rare. Having this capability speaks to the quality of this workshop.

Removing the soldering iron from the box, Adam used the hologram to locate the place to pry open the enclosure and retrieve the chip. He put the pin-sized device in a nearby interface panel.

Whats on it?

As far as I can tell, sir, its just some coordinates.

Where to?

A map of the galaxy opened in front of him, with axis lines denoting the coordinates. Its to a location in the Orion arm. As far as I can tell theres nothing there.

The Orion arm Adam sat down at the interface panels seat and spent several seconds stroking his light beard. We need to leave.

I will have your ship prepped immediately.

Thanks... No, wait. Are there still people at the landing pad?

Most assuredly.

I mean people looking for me. News types especially, but anyone who would notice if I were to leave.

Checking There are several news stations still broadcasting live in the area, you really stir up quite the commotion sir.

Yeah, well Id prefer to do this discretely if at all possible Has the kriaki returned to the station yet?

No sir, he only just left with his assistant and has yet to contact anyone.

Call him, and make it's secure and untraceable.

Yes Mister Jydnak.


---


Special thanks to /u/ziiofswe for providing me with a title for the overarching story.

This part is over a thousand words, which is the longest Ive ever written for a part of a serial story like this. (Granted, theres only this, with a first post of a little over 700 and second post of 900, and the thing Im posting on my blog, which has 21 parts so far with the parts ranging between ~250 & ~600 words)

EDIT: [03: Transportation](https://www.reddit.com/r/HFY/comments/4bkn5o/oc_what_ever_happened_to_humanity_03/)