They Called Them......
apophis-pegasus
[For Human Enhancement]



Beware The Superman.






Its a classic trope from decades ago. Translates to "when a man gets the power of a god, be afraid. Be *very* afraid". 






And to a certain point, the warning was right. When human augmentation technology began to grow in leaps and bounds, not just in the high tech government labs and corporate R&D facilities, but in the garages, and shacks of hackers homes, there were....stains, on the mark of superhumanity. 



After all intelligence is blessed to both the saint and the sinner alike. And that intelligence was used to create living weapons, men and women who could release spores of deadly toxins from synthetic biological glands, or high intensity laser beams deployed from their fingertips, even now mundane superhuman strength and speed enhancements were used for evil ends.





This unscrupulousness was obviously exemplified in the attacks of Johannesburg, 2085, where an augmentation supremacist group rampaged about the city, only managing to only be brought down by the combined forces of several armies and air forces. Obviously not a good time for any augment, or augment sympathiser.






Laws were put in place obviously, and they failed almost immediately. I mean seriously, when some 15 year old kid can now make himself glow in the dark, and flash like a disco ball, with a couple chemicals, and a book on geneering, what can you do? The only real hit it gave was to corporate labs, a situation they were *not* happy with to say the least. Government and amateur projects trundled on happily, albiet with amateurs being relegated to underground meetings.





And so it stayed, until the 2092 Brazillian earthquake. An absolute whopper by anyones standards, this thing decimated neighbourhoods, and shook cities (lucky thing for skyscraper reinforcement eh?). Hundreds of people were buried under rubble. It was horrific for everyone involved. And then *he* came.






O Anjo (The Angel). That was what they called him. And he did look the part, what with his white and gold powered armour, and silvery cybernetic wings flowing from his shoulders. Just a day after the quake he arrived over one of Brazils most stricken areas, with at least 50 men and women trapped under several tons of rubble, with help a long way away. 



People cowered, as was expected, but that fear turned to something different as he raised his arm, and reactionless thrusters lept from his armour to attach to the rubble, to lift it up,and free those poor souls from the wreckage.




That fear turned into hope.







Day after day he did this aiding his fellow men, either by lifting and moving rubble with his thruster tech, or by simply muscling it out of the way with his superhuman strength. Videos were taken. Pictures were snapped. The internet went crazy. Who was this new augment? Why is he doing this? What does this mean for the augment laws? And most of all, will there be any more augments coming out?






That final question was swiftly answered, as just months after, augments started to resurface from all over the globe. Some with extra cybernetic limbs, some with technopathy, some with enhanced regeneration, even some with wings, in shameless copying of O Anjo. All weird and wonderful expressions of the human spirit come to life in cybernetics, and enhanced flesh and bone. And then they set to work.







Quenching fires, defending innocents from muggers, despots and dictators, manipulating weather patterns, to give rain to droughted areas, manipulating genomes of crops to make lush fields of food overnight, even saving kittens from trees, these new augments put themselves to work in the most humanitarian ways possible. 





Every day was a new wonder as children and adults alike ran to the TV, or the radio, or their computers and cell phones to learn about what new thing the augments had done this time, from stopping meteors, to toppling to creating vast light shows in the sky with ionised gas from horizon to horizon.





O Anjo was no slouch in this, keeping up his good example, patrolling over all of the Western Hemisphere, saving people from disasters, near tragedies and ne'er do wells, even crafting similar sets of wings to his so the terminally ill, old and frail could have a chance to see the world from his perspective, soaring over the earth with him training them to perform wild tricks and acrobatics in the air, to their delight, and to the estatic shrieks of the lucky ones friends and family on the ground. 






But perhaps his most monumental achievement was to share his technology and knowladge with governments and corporations, advancing areas such as prosthetics, medicine and propulsion science nearly overnight. This action was swiftly followed by many other augments, the number of whom grew daily.





It was the dawn of a new age, a golden age of happiness, health and optimism. Diseases were cured. Hunger was driven back, even in the most remote and impoverished places. Technology advanced in leaps and bounds reaching new heights in an almost daily fashion.





Augments were still needed of course, even the now highly advanced emergency services couldnt get to everyone in time. Even in this new age the first to come were always the augments.




And people looked to the sky as their saviors soared over them like guardian angels, or ran among them with the swift footedness of the god Mercury himself. These augments....but no, they were no longer called that. They had a new name, a name more fitting to their station, a name that had been created for them over a century ago, that found new light and purpose in this new age.







They called them Superheroes.