(OC) Marrow (WIP)
Orion_M
Hey guys, I'd like to preface this by saying that I'm currently writing this for my creative writing class and I thought that you might appreciate it or have some constructive criticism (even grammatical, I'm not to good at proper usage of punctuation) to give.  I know it may be a bit cookie cutter at times, and I'm sorry about that.  Anyway, tell me what you think and if there's a demand, I'll post the follow up portions.

&nbsp;

Tell me the situation, dont hold anything back.
	
Of course, General Marrow.  A chrome sphere the size of a baseball blinked its single red screen once and began to float an arms-length behind the human general.  At 2:03 of December 2nd, 2056, a space-faring craft of unknown origin entered the planets atmosphere.  Its intentions are unknown, but it is believed to one ship of a scouting squadron.  At 2:11 of the same day, the United Nations elected to establish an international state of emergency.  Defense systems around the world are estimated to be fully operational by 2:32 later today.
	
Thanks, Dot.  Marrow said, rubbing sleep from his eyes.
	
My pleasure, General.  The sphere said, its artificial feminine voice barely audible above the roar of hundreds of physicists and engineers and astronomists and theologists arguing about the intentions of the aliens and if they were even physically capable of being here and what this meant for humanity.  Marrow glanced at his phone, checking to see if the US government had put out any statements concerning the craft, but there was nothing other than the usual message about staying calm and staying indoors.  Evidently, most people didnt see it considering the streets were packed with civilians staring at the craft, taking pictures, looking for anything of note.  However, they didnt seem to be panicking, but more curious than anything else.
	
Marrow scanned across the room filled with hundreds of the greatest minds in all the world.  It was a bit disconcerting.
	
Dot, he said.  Get their attention.
	
Certainly, the small orb said.  Dot shook violently for a moment before letting out a deafening siren.  Heads from all corners of the room snapped up as a hush fell over the crowd.
	
Ladies and gentlemen, Marrow said, his voice echoing across the room.  At approximately 2:03 a.m., an extraterrestrial ship entered Earths orbit.  Currently, it is positioned above the Rocky Mountains in Colorado.  We dont know what they want or why theyre here, so, as an extra precaution, an emergency council between the leaders of the United Nations has placed practically the entire world in a state of emergency.  Your mission is to find anything important about them, anything at all.  He looked at the crowd, many of the individuals looking back at him with bloodshot eyes and fear evident on their face.  And whatever you do, do not make first contact.

&nbsp;
	
Dot.  Time.
	
2:48, General.  Approximately 45 minutes since the alien craft was first spotted.  The sphere floated around to face Marrow, its single red eye turning into a digital clock readout.
	
Marrow rubbed his hand across his eyes.  The stress of having to deal with an otherworldly threat had finally set in.
	
General, the Russian general Kaspar has indicated that due to riots throughout the country, defenses will not be operational for a while longer.  Shall I respond?
	
Marrow sighed, he knew that 29 minutes was far too quickly to mobilize every fighting force in the world.  Still, it was a miracle that they had already managed to do so much.  He pushed his chair back from the desk he was sitting at and walked to the window of his 23rd story office.  The lights of DC spread out around him in every direction, the hundreds of steel towers resembling monuments to the gods more than human creations.
	
Dot, tell Kaspar I appreciate his effort and understand his situation.  The first riots and protests had started minutes ago Los Angeles.  But tell him that he needs to get his ass in gear and move.
	
Sending response  Dot droned.  Sent.  Is there anyone else you would like to mes-
	
The door to Marrows office was flung open.  A deranged looking man stood in the doorway, his hair askew and his buttons mismatched to their holes.
	
General Marrow sir, he stuttered.  Youre wanted in the intelligence room.  The aliens are sending us a message.

&nbsp;
	
Marrow strode through the hallways of the government building, heading for the elevators to take them to the intelligence room fifteen floors below ground, the physicist barely able to keep up with the generals large steps.
	
Has anyone answered yet?  Marrow said, an edge to his voice.
	
N-no sir, we havent made first contact yet, just like you asked.
	
Marrow nodded.  Excellent.  Have you discovered anything useful yet?
	
The physicist flipped through the papers on his clipboard and began to tug on the collar of his shirt.  Nothing specific yet, however we do know that the ship has a remarkable lack of weapons, as far as we can tell.  The size and shape indicate that it may be a scout for something larger.  Another fleet, perhaps.
	
Marrow scowled.  He stepped into the elevator, holding the door for the nervous man.  If they decide to attack, will we survive?
	
The physicist smiled for once, a nervous, wet smile.  As far as we can tell, yes.  But I wouldnt recommend trying it.
	
Marrow glanced at him, smirking.  Dont worry, the elevator let out a ding and began to close.  Ill only do whats necessary.

&nbsp;

Static crackled across the enormous viewing screen that took up the entire front wall of the intelligence room.
	
Sir, someone said from the back.  They seem to be getting impatient.  Are you ready to receive the live feed?
	
Marrow clenched his fists behind his back, his olive green uniform stretching over his broad chest.  Proceed.
	
A hush fell over the crowd as the screen turned black, various ticks and whirs of machinery coming through the speakers as brief lights flashed several times.  A sound like snapping twigs echoed around the room.  The screen flashed twice more, and a picture began to emerge.
	
Displayed on the viewing screen was something that resembled a praying mantis.  Its triangular head was covered with a mottled green carapace.  Four black multifaceted eyes twitched constantly above two slits that Marrow assumed were a nose.  But what stuck out most was the mouth.  The damn mouth.  Several rows of elongated teeth came together to force the creatures mouth into a permanent smile, but there was no happiness - or whatever this monsters equivalent was - in it.  The teeth were shaped like needles, each dangerously long and thin, so that when the 200 on each row came together, the mouth was unable to close completely.  Marrow heard retching from the back of the room.
	
The creature let out a crackling noise, like the one heard through the speaker, branches breaking under the force of a storm.  Its throat bobbed and twitched for a moment before it met Marrows gaze.
	
So you it clicked a bit more, are the inhabitants of this planet.  Its voice was a deep bass vibrating within Marrows skull.  It opened its mouth slightly and a snake-like tongue darted out, cleaning the lips and teeth of the beast.  It turned slightly, looking over the inhabitants of the room.  I am rather unimpressed.
	
Marrow swallowed, a lump in his throat, and managed to keep his growing sense of unease at bay.  You speak Basic.  Marrow said, his own deep baritone reverberating through the screen.
	
Yes Basic, as you call it.  That is your language.  The tongue flitted across its teeth.  You can thank a man named Samuel Harrison for that.
	
Marrow met the beasts gaze.  What do you mean?
	
We appropriated his knowledge of the human world.  For example, I know who you are, Samson Marrow.  I know that you command the greater part of Humanitys defense forces in times of extreme crisis.  I know that you humans, it seemed to spit in disgust as it said the word, have never made contact with another sentient race.  And that means that you are completely without the Galactic Councils protection.
	
Marrow shivered, but managed to remain resolute.  Enough with the mind games, beast.  What is it that you want with our planet?
	
The creature growled at the use of the word beast, though whether it was through anger or laughter Marrow couldnt tell.  Your system is currently unclaimed, and we have come to claim it.  We need resources, and this system has them, so here we are.  The creature licked its teeth.  Our Fahwal, our code, as you humans call it, dictates that we make contact with any sentient beings in the system before conquering it, and exterminate them if necessary.
	
Marrow swallowed, sweat beading on his forehead.  Exterminate?  Surely there is no need for violence.
	
The creature growled again, and this time Marrow was sure it was laughter.  Extermination is only used as a last resort.  We have come to offer you a deal in exchange for your system.
	
And what exactly is that?
	
Surrender the rights of your whole race and become tools of the Gilteh, or face total extermination.
	
Tools?  Marrow exclaimed, a bit of anger managing to break through his facade.
	
Unless you prefer the annihilation of your race, yes.
	
Dot approached Marrow, stopping less than an inch from his ear.  General, we have fully analyzed their ships capabilities.  Their armor and weapons far outclass our own, but we should be able to easily overwhelm them with brute force and greater numbers.  Lunar Colony 17 has also detected 3 ships of a similar caliber throughout the galaxy, but we should easily be able to overwhelm them if the need arises.
	
Marrow nodded and the orb retreated.  The faces of the others in the room told him that they had received the same news.  They looked at him with hard eyes.  He glanced at his shoes and wrung his hands for a moment before meeting the Giltehs eyes.
	
With all due respect, humanity will never become the tools of another race.  We must respectfully decline your gracious offer.
	
The Gilteh growled again, much longer and lower than the times before.  Then you face your destruction.  As our Fahwal states, we will exterminate you and take this planet as our own.
	
Marrow squinted, his expression stony.  If you follow your Fahwal, then I dont suppose you find it surprising that we will follow our own nature and resist.  Marrow smirked.  You have made a grave mistake today, beast.