Tales from DnD: a Star wars story session 2
iridael
so a few things, one of the players left the campaign which messed with stuff. that followed by everyone being busy meant long delays in the writing and editing and having people available for sessions. that said im having a lot of fun with this and I hope you enjoy the story.

credit to /u/battlesneeze for DMing and editing.

[session 1](https://redd.it/47qv71)

---

Vas


So. Where are we selling the slaves? Im assuming most of Nar Shadaa is off limits. Modda asks as the ship flies above the towering slums of said planet.
Were not. He replies coldly
To hell with that. I didnt just risk my life just to see all that profit turn into smoke!
I said, were not. Rogarns voice was low and threatening now.
Damn you, you already burned your share and now you want to take mine to- she didnt get any further before Rogarn had spun around and shot her clean through her head. 
He turned his gun to me and raised a questioning eyebrow.
Shrugging, I mutter I guess my contracts up. Before walking over to the body of the dead Jedi, and looting it. One fancy glow-stick and a lot of credits later I drop her out the airlock onto some poor sod below. Maybe I just served some scavenger dinner down there. That done, I return to the cockpit of the ship. So. I suppose Im with you guys now?
Rogarn and the cyborg share a glance, and the cyborg nods.
Rogarn looks back at me. Suppose you are, rookie. Pull your weight.
His last statement made a chill run down my spine as the ship pulled up into orbit.
So, Where to now? I ask them.
Coruscant. The cyborg says, pushing the hyper-drive coordinates in.

The brief stop on the jewel of the republic to drop off the slaves were followed by a few months of gallivanting around the galaxy picking off minor bounties lead the three of us to a big score, a pirate by the name of Avarr Jean. Worth a grand total of 480,000 credits alive, and Half as much dead, his bounty alone could buy a nice little planetoid in the outer rim.
 
Were coming out of hyperspace in 5. Mako, the cyborg lady says from the pilots seat. I cap my water bottle, and head to the gunner chair as Rogarn took over the pilots chair as Mako moves over to sensors and comms. Captain Rogarn knew I was the better shot between me and the cyborg, and let me do my thing.
Whats the planets rep, Mako?
Peaceful desert planet. Nothing of note. Elective royalty, plenty of ores minor-league defenses.
Right. Standard alert. No telling what half a mil of pirate has done to the place.
We dropped out of hyperspace to the scene of a large dust-brown orb hovering in the center of a massive ring of asteroids. It was somewhat beautiful, in a serene kind of way.
Too bad about the gray blotches that seemed to denote cities on the surface. Kinda threw off the looks somehow.

Uh, boss? I have a swarm of Something heading our way, I dont like this... Mako says as her hands move over the sensor settings in a blur. I activate the guns, taking a look with the external cameras attached to the pivot-mounted guns.
Missiles! I shout as I spot the swarm of projectiles flying straight at us.
Fingers fly over the controls, activating the secondary guns, a pair of wing mounted rotary blasters, before flicking over to the gunstick. With the jerking off the ship from Rogarns evasive maneuvers, and the pressure of the incoming clusterfuck, my first burst only takes down a few of the buzzing missiles before they swarm past. 

But as they do the ship bucks from beneath,
The shields wont take another hit like that! The cyborg lady yells, her hands flying over engineering controls whilst a wire that connects her directly to the ship feeds her all the information she needs.
I need distance! These turrets werent made for point defense! I shout, squeezing the trigger and watching a few more targets vanish.
Not happening, rookie! Rogarn shouts in the middle of another tight turn. The ship bucks from the side this time.
The shields are down! And I count 8 more missiles! Mako shouts, getting up out of her chair and standing behind Rogarn, as if for protection. With the ship steady, I squeeze the trigger and take out one. The second squeeze tells me the starboard gun is gone.
Guns down! I shout, getting out of my chair. As fast as I am, Rogarn is faster. Yanking the cyborg into his arms, and jet packing down to the escape pod. I leap in just before he punches the launch button. Im pressed against the now closed door as the force of the launch presses me upwards. Behind me, the ship explodes, and were sent on a spiralling descent towards the planet far below. The uncontrolled fall sets off some primal fear in my chest, and I find myself screaming ceaselessly as the planet grows bigger and bigger beneath us. Rogarn, who seemed to lack even the slightest bit of fear, slapped me over the face.

Calm down! If we are to die now, we die as Mandalorians. With dignity!

Were all going to die! The cyborg cries hysterically, and joins me in screaming. 
 
-------
Aris 


Rubbing the last of the kolto into the scar on her shoulder, Airis groans. Thanks doc. She says, pushing off the bed and heading out of the makeshift medical facility. On the way, she shifts her lightsaber and pulls her cloak tighter around herself. Oderon may be a massive damn desert, but the early mornings were very cold.

Light reflecting off of... something up in the sky catches her attention, and as she squints she can see the trail of smoke left behind as whatever it is falls to the ground.

*boom* 

The sound is muted, and she can see a cloud of dust kicked up by the things impact into the side of the mountain.

Hey Harley. Did you see that? she yells at the massive rebel pilot lounging nearby on a sun chair.
Yup. I saw it. He says with his gravelly voice.

Can you tell the boss Im going to check it out?

Can do, missy. He replies gently, getting up, off of the chair and heading over towards the camp proper.
Jedi knight Airis walks over to her grounded ship to fetch her apprentice. After all, leaving without even notifying her companion would be poor form.

Master. Her apprentice says as Airis walks into the ship. The woman, who herself isnt much younger than her newly-allotted master peeks up, out of the ships engineering compartments, face smeared with motor oil, and her clothes a mess of dirt and grime.
Whats up?
Were heading to the mountains. What are you doing down there? Airis asks her apprentice.
Jedi Padawan Norin was a savant when it came to engineering and piloting, but Airis had to say she disapproved the near-constant poor state of her cleanliness and to the fact that the apprentice did a poor job carrying herself as a proper Jedi. Then again, she assumed all of that could be tracked back to her joining the order while already an adult, as Master Badiaka had found her too late for the traditional training of the order.

Oh! Nothing major. Just trimming the engines so were ready to run if another government patrol decides to show up.

Right. Well. I hope youre done for now. Were leaving.

Leaving the ship again, Airis sighs wearily as one of the more annoying people in the camp awaits them outside.

Need a lift? Avarr Jean, pirate captain, womanizer and all around scoundrel sits atop a speeder, smiling at her as she leaves the ship.  Nearby, Harley sits atop a second speeder, and Airis gives him a stern gaze. You had to tell him about it? She motions to Avarr, and Harley shrugs.

Pointedly, Airis walks over and mounts Harleys speeder bike. Exiting the ship behind her master, wiping her hands on a piece of cloth, Norin looks over the situation.

Im driving.

Avarr slides back on the speeder, and pats the seat in front of him. Wouldnt have it any other way, gorgeous.

-------

Vas
 
Rogarn is standing tall on lookout whilst me and the cyborg salvage what we can of our gear from the wreckage that once was our landing pod. I gently tap my pistols together, watching a trickle of sand from the barrel, and giving them a good shake before holstering them again.
Rookie, overlook. Now. Mako, get to cover. Weve got incoming. Rogarn tells us, and the cyborg swiftly hides behind the wreck of the escape pod. I spot a small ridge, and scramble up it, laying flat and lining up the lead of the incoming speeders in with my scope.
They stop just over two hundred yards away, out of easy blast-pistol range, but well within my rifles. The passengers get off, and calmly walk our way. Im impressed. not many people can walk towards the Mandalorian walking armoury known as Rogarn without quivering.

Thats close enough. He says, his calm voice piercing and clear even from a distance. 

The group of people stop just shy of 40 meters from him.
I run my sights over each of them, stopping briefly with my crosshairs on their foreheads.
Three of them, I do not recognize, but the fourth I immediately recognize from the wanted poster.
I press the button for the comm. *Boss. Thats our mark.*
*I know.* His voice sounds in my ear as he answers over our closed channel.

We spotted the crash. What happened? One of the two women say, taking half a step forwars before staring down the barrel of Rogarns gun and stopping.
Why?  Rogarn challenges.
In response the second robed woman steps forwards pulling her cloak back and showing the silver hilt of the lightsaber at her side.
*do I shoot them?* I ask, lining up the gun with the second womans head.
*not yet.*
Were Jedi, its our place to help. She says.
You want to help? Point us to the spaceport, and walk away. And leave your friend there behind. Rogarn says, still not even needed to raise his voice.
Ah, shit. The pirates words are hardly audible, but I can see as his shoulders drop and his head rolling back.

The Jedi are silent for a few seconds, looking at eachother. The cleaner one then turns to look at the Pirate. You know, Im not sure youre even worth the effort.

He looks somewhat offended. Babe, Ive never done wrong by you.

Well, you could stop calling me babe and honey and whatever else stupid pet names you come up with and- Well talk about this later. Just just shut up.
She turns back to face Rogarn, rubbing the bridge of her nose.
Okay, so, what are the chances that youll just forget about him?

Rogarn chuckles slightly. I have 480.000 reasons not to.

The second jedi looks to Avarr, seemingly impressed.
480.000? Thats thats impressive.

Avarr now perks up, looking a bit proud. Well, Ive been busy.

The first jedi now looks even more annoyed. So.
Her voice is now tense. You know what? Even if you catch that scumbag- Hey! Avarr interrupts, before the Jedi continues. Even if you catch *him*, its not like you can collect the bounty. Seeing as you arrived by life pod, I assume youve already had your first encounter with the local government. See, we were sent here to investigate rumors of civil war. Now were stuck here. My guess? Youre in the same boat. So. Instead of fighting and you *maybe* getting your hands on him and then being stuck here, how about we work together?

Rogarn just stands there silently, and I just wait for his decision. Hes the boss, after all.
He looks over the shoulder to where Mako hid, and she pokes her head out a little.

Well. They did blow up our ship Mako sounds a bit uncertain, but Rogarn nods and holsters his gun. Then we work together, Jedi.

----

Vas

The following trip, I can only describe as cramed, and very much uncomfortable. The bikes could hold two people well enough, but three was somewhat over the load limit. Well, I shouldnt complain too much, Rogarn litterally had to have Mako in his lap for the entire trip.
Myself, I was seated behind the Jedi Knight that had introduced herself as Airis. After getting a closer look at her, she was rather pretty. You know, in that prissy sort of Jedi fashion.

As we drew closer to our destination, I can see that its a small town fashioned out of tents with a large sheet of tarp covering the entire camp. But as we arrived, I saw that the camp was seemingly mobilizing for war, as everyone within was rushing around, grabbing weapons and armour.

Whats this? I ask as we stop.
WHERE HAVE YOU TWO BEEN! PICK A TRANSPORT AND GET MOVING! a man whose most distinctive characteristic is a goatee shouts at the jedi.
What? Harley was supposed to tell you that we went to investigate a crash. The jedi says as she slides off the speeder bike, brushing herself clear of dust.
Looking to the muscular pilot, he looks back at her. Well? She asks.

You told me to tell my boss. He motions at Avarr. Hes my captain, missy.

Oh for the love of She puts her palm onto her forehead, and closes her eyes as Avarr gives her a charismatic smile, and slides off his own ride, before offering the apprentice help off of the bike.

Rogarn, completely ignoring the shenanigans of the Jedi and pirates, strides forwards and onto a transport, the rebels giving him a wide berth. I shrug and leap into the mounted gun seat. Keeping my rifle ready in case something were to happen.

-----

Just under a minute later, the transport swoops of at the head of the column of vehicles. Were flanked by a group of speeders headed by the mountain of muscle known as Harley, and the scoundrel Avarr. They break off 5 minutes before the column stops, heading off to a predetermined ambush position. Everyone piles out, and line up in the cover of a canyons ridges. Pulling out my rifle, I look down and spot a half dozen transports rolling along the pathway.

Rogarn lies down on his stomach next to me. Wait and see what the plan is. Cover the rebels.

I nod. You got it, boss.

The caravan starts heading through the canyon, and when the entire formation is inside, two of the rebels stand up. It doesnt even take a second for me to identify that they are both armed with rocket launchers.

Two booms sound the start of the attack as the rockets impact the canyons sides, causing rocks to fall from the canyon walls. The grunts open fire onto the transports, as the senior jedi leap down the canyon walls. 

I guess that was the plan. Rogarn says, gets up, and I see him engage his jetpack to fly over the side and down into the canyon. Down there, pandemonium breaks loose as what looks like government soldiers pile out of most of the transports, only to be cut down by blaster fire or lightsaber. The lead truck keeps moving, and I sink a shot into its engine stopping it dead in its place. I quickly find myself covering the two Jedi with my fire, as they become natural centerpoints of the carnage. I see them deflecting countless shots; but the master, who had placed herself atop one of the transports is overwhelmed by the firepower. I see her take a particularly nasty shot to the stomach, before the speeder carrying Avarr Jean swoops in and snatches her out of the killzone. Moments later, a number of transports explode, showering the canyon in debris, and I can see Rogarn with his rocket launcher. After that, the cleanup is swift.

Many of the guards, seeing the brutality of Rogarns wrath and with my own fire having taken its toll, simply surrender.

As the battle dies down, I see Avarrs speeder coming to a stop, and watch as he opens up one of the other transports, letting out a number prisoners. As a particularly fat one exits the transport, he grabs the man by the collar, and hauls him off.

Not long thereafter, I see a number of the rebels, as well as the Jedi and Avarr Jean himself, donning the uniforms of the fallen guards, as well as several of them putting on spare prisoner overalls. 

Ah there you are. I am almost startled as the voice suddenly appears behind me. Turning around, I see Goatee climbing up the slope with some effort. jump in one of the transports over there. Well need you to join the main attack.

I shrug and watch as Rogarn lands next to me.

Guess its time for phase two, boss.
