F.A.R.T | Damn invisible dudes >:(
TrueDankMemer
This is the end of the double pack :( But to be honest I was surprised how quickly I wrote these up. Anyways, enjoy and tell me how you like my shit so far :D

---

First part: https://www.reddit.com/r/HFY/comments/478zq8/oc_fart_1_teaser_maybe/

For other parts check my reddit profile or the bot in the comments.

---

So, Drake 40k began the conversation. What happened man ?

The group was sitting at a bar table in the shipyard district, they had just met up to get one last drink before leaving earth for another few months. Even the admiral decided to join them. Funny thing was, that even though the bar was basically right next to one of the largest military constructs on the continent, 90% of its customers were students. There was something about the atmosphere. It was one of the few places that wasnt owned by some aliens, and so it kept most of its Terran charme. No flashy neon lights, no holographic shows, no electronic music. Just plain hard wood and steel, accompanied by whisky and classic rock.

Well Drake began talking, then started thinking what to say. He kind of regretted not dodging the question entirely. I slept with one of these hive girls, and next day two guys knock on my door and ask me to follow them. Right to a fucking penthouse in the empire hotel. They push me inside, still only wearing my boxers, and I land right in front of the hottest chick in the universe asking me to do the same like with the other one.

Damn, you sure are one lucky motherfucker. 40k replied with a loud chuckle. And how did it go ?

Well, I am now officially her husband or something at least according to their law. But at least their relationship with the federation has improved. Command say that not letting them take me to their homeworld is thanks enough.

I guess.... Lemon said, still looking at his drink. He hadnt taken a sip yet. What would you guys do if you found out that a doctor is selling copies of the memories he pumped out of your brain for 20k a session ?

So you went to the memory doc ? the admiral asked, he had already finished his drink. I shouldve told ya these guys are the worst.

But at least you got rid of the memories you wanted to get rid of. Ghost said, trying to cheer him up.

I am just thinking about the money I couldve made, man. Lemon said and finally took a sip himself. 40, what did the doctors say about you ?

Apparently I overdosed on 16 different substances. They say that no human would be able to survive this without permanent changes to the brain or brain tissue. 40k brought out, not even trying to hide the excitement. They say there could be a slim chance of me becoming a Yedi.

Are you sure you can come with us then ? the admiral asked him. Did they give you a green light.

No negative side effects have been found yet so I got the green light. But they are still running some tests.

Behind the counter a middle aged brown haired woman appeared and handed the group a couple of plates, each filled with different kinds of mexican food. Here you go, Navy special. She said with a voice of pride, then began refilling the groups glasses, and filling up a beer for Lemon.

Thanks Gertrud. The admiral said politely and immediately began eating his nachos. Even for him they were a massive upgrade from the food on board of the ship.

Welcome the woman replied with a smile, then replaced it with a bit of worry. I hate to bother, but this guy by the entrance has been staring at you this whole time.

Who ? Drake asked and leaned to the side, pretending to be scanning the bar.

Red shirt by the entrance. Gertrud replied.

And just as she described, the man next to the entrance wearing a red shirt was staring at them, even after Drake looked at him. Drake then turned back to the bar. He is looking awful stiff as if he had a weapon under his jacket.

You sure ? Lemon asked and looked over himself. Yep and there is another one by the left staring at us.

Something is brewing up I guess. 40k whispered and took a sip from his drink. What now ?

Drake also took a sip from his drink then leaned closer to Gertrud. Say do you have a gun around maybe ?

Dont you want to call the police or something ? Gertrud asked, shocked.

You can do that once this blows over. Now do you have a gun ? Drake asked again.

Gertrud nodded and after kneeling below the counter presented a tiny pistol, the type that only looked like a baby pistol compared to the weapons Drake held in his hands before. Yet it was better than nothing, so he took it and leaned closer to Gertrud again. Now if you would tell everyone to leave so that nobody gets injured. Then once you are outside call the police.

The woman nodded then climbed on the bar table. In the meantime all the FART turned around to stare at the man themselves clearly making him uncomfortable.

Bar is closed everyone! Gertrud shouted Now get out before I ask you to pay.

The man in the red shirt suddenly looked even more uncomfortable as everyone in the bar began walking out. Including the admiral.

Ey Gordon, what the hell man ? 40k shouted over to him as he was walking away.

You boys can deal with this, I am a pacifist. The admiral replied coldly. But the fact that nobody stopped him while he was leaving gave the FART hope that a well equipped and trained troop would soon be with them.

You goddamn hippie. 40k shouted back.

Soon the whole bar was empty, except for the four FART and three other men. Drake had hidden his pistol the whole time and chuckled. I still dont think we can get out of this easily.

Shut up and shoot. Ghost whispered to him.

Drake then quickly drew the pistol and fired three shots at the man next to the entrance. He immediately dropped to the ground while the FART ran to the closest cover, and the other two men pulled out their weapons to begin shooting at the squad. And as if this wasnt already bad enough, the darkened windows on one side of the bar burst open and the squad saw another couple of soldiers in adaptive camo jump in.

Guys! Ghost shouted through the bar,since they had no communicators. I think its the invisible dudes.

With all the shooting noise the FART were barely able to hear him, but they understood. And the years of training their had finally paid off, they began working together without even speaking. Lemon sneaked below some tables and surprise attacked one of the invisible soldiers, robbing him of his gun, and firing a salvo at his chest. From his new position he began suppressing enemies close to Ghost, so that ghost could do the same as him, only with a lot more bullets being fired in his direction. So instead of giving some covering fire he dropped himself behind some cover. Drake used the seconds the enemies were focused at his teammates to jump out of cover and fire another few shots himself, carefully aiming them so they wouldnt kill the enemy he aimed at. And he was successful. 40k had spent most of the time crouching on the ground, but as fire in his direction eased, he grabbed a barstool and tossed it against the first enemy he saw as he jumped out of cover, this being the perfect distraction, so that Ghost could take him down. From his position Ghost then rushed forward to the fresh corpse, and while doing so tossed the gun he had just stolen across the bar to 40k, so that Ghost could take the gun from the enemy he had just dropped. 40 managed to grab the gun mid-air, then fell behind cover again. But instead of shooting or anything he looked at the weapon, a modified AK-12k, complete with laser sights, magnet scanner, and underbarrel grenade launcher. The perfect not give a fuck weapon.

Thats a damn nice gun. He shouted as the shooting noise in the bar slowly died down. Then he jumped out of his cover and fired the last shots on the last enemy, finally dropping him too.

Suddenly it was quiet in the bar where the probably biggest gunfight on earth in the past hundreds of years echoed only seconds ago. But the two FART who were still in cover, namely Drake and Lemon, still didnt dare to get out, all until they heard the loud Clear coming from ghost. Then they slowly stood up. Lemon, 40, and Ghost joined up and talked to calm down, but Drake instead walked to the one enemy he had shot before, only to catch him trying to put a bullet in his own head. Drake quickly kicked the gun away and lifted the man, presenting him to his squad.

Look at this catch. My family can life for a month from this. He declared proudly. And only seconds later another well armed group burst through the door. Luckily, this one was bearing the navy insignia on their armor and instead of firing at the FART swept the area searching for other enemies. One of the soldiers approached Drake and took off his helmet. Drakes smile make the others assume that he knew the man.

We show up five minutes after we get the call and you take all our fun. The man said to Drake, obviously joking.

I think these guys wouldve been too much fun for you. Drake said then looked around. Secure any evidence you can find and bring it to the Newton. And have this guy checked up. He said while tossing the enemy soldier to his friend. Wouldnt want him to die.

Roger that Cap. the soldier replied and called over a couple of his men to take care of the wounded enemy.

---

That is some damn serious equipment these guys got.

The admiral spoke. He and Lemon, Drake, and 40k were standing inside a darkened room. Plain white walls and floor. White door on one side, and on the other one a large glass front.

Along with the adaptive camo, these guys are way too well equipped for the fact that we dont know shit about them.

Any leads you got ? Drake asked him. He and the others had ditched their casual clothing for the standard navy shirts and cargo pants.

Ghost is working on them. The admiral said, then knocked on the window. Some seconds later he flipped a switch on the wall next to it and on the other side of the window another room looking just as the one they were in right now lit up. With the exception of the bleeding soldier tied to a chair and Ghost walking away from him, his fists covered in blood. The light was off so the cameras couldnt catch anything that could be considered breaking a Geneva convention.

Mercs arent known for being talkative. The admiral continued. And since Ghost was one of them I figured Id let him try to get something. He pressed a button below the light switch. Go anything ?

This guy is hard as steel. But let me try one more thing. Ghost replied while leaning against the window. Then he walked back to the prisoner and smiled at him. How is the weather on mars ? he asked the man. Surprised ? he asked as the soldier looked up to him. They dont usually let dogs like you on earth.

Warriors the prisoner began talking, the broken jaw making this tough. Warriors go where they want.

Ghost grabbed a towel at the reply and walked over to the prisoner, but instead of hitting him or anything he wiped some of the blood from the prisoners shoulder, revealing a tattoo showing a lotus flower surrounded by barbed wire. Interesting he whispered, then walked back to the window. His tattoo. I remember seeing it on a couple dead guys from Eden. Tell DI to look for references to white faction.

Of course the admiral whispered as he shut off the light again. Everyone to the conference room. He spoke louder.

---

Alright. History lesson time. The admiral began his speech. All the others present sighed loudly. The listeners were the FART and Vicy, and if there was one thing they hated equally, then it was history lesson time from the admiral.

16 years ago, the holographic image emitted from the table changed fitting to the admiral talking. At the height of the Eden independence war, an extremely radical faction emerged. They named themselves white faction and had this symbol as their logo. The holographs showed the same image Ghost had seen on the prisoners shoulder. They were responsible for countless attacks against civilians on human colonies, and after the end of the war every known member was sentenced to death. Their reappearance can only mean something bad is brewing up.

The admiral paused and checked if any of the soldiers present was still listening.

Anyways, I had DI check any mention of white faction on the internet in the past six months, and they spit out around a billion names. But they found this. The image showed mars, then zoomed in at what seemed to be some kind of factory. A lot of mention of them along with the XWX factory that was shut down only weeks before the invisible dudes showed up the first time. And this cant be a coincidence.

Drake coughed and 40ks head dropped on the table, as it had slipped from the hand he was holding it up with. But the admiral ignored 40k for now.

Command wants us to check it out. If the white faction is reforming then we need to stop them, if not, then we at least need to find out where they are getting their gear from.

Alright anything else ? Ghost asked. He seemed to be the only one who was paying the admiral full attention.

Yes. Command wants the FART to check it out. Not the Newton. The ship is being requested in the Whaki system, so that you guys and girl will be getting to mars and where ever your investigation leads you with a Union ship. The ZB Jedinstvo. Their captain is a friend of mine and agreed to lend us the ship since the white faction seems to be using Union weaponry. Oh and yes, Vicy will be coming with you. She just finished her combat exams and we cant risk us losing comms again.

What ? the FART echoed at the same time, then looked at Vicy only to have her shout out What ? herself.

Take good care of her. The admiral said smiling like never before.

---

Sooo yeah.... I dont know what to say. I wanted you guys to meet the commies too and Vicy will be killing people :D maybe :| So whatever. Hope you liked it.

    (^)