[OC] Curiosity
Karthinator
Written to [my roommate's suggestion](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a2osQPU7CT0) as I'm at the end of my own personal movie-trailer based music library. This one's been bouncing about for a little while; we'll see if I can do the sentiment justice.

---

Glorvax's duty as a citizen of the neighborhood was to welcome new neighbors when they moved in. Some things were constant across cultures, even if the new neighbors were that new species that not many people had really met yet. 

Humanity was only recently welcomed to the galaxy-scale game of life. Chance course adjustments, unplanned and unsanctioned, ironically, led a mining scout to stumble upon the Council's observation droid posted in the outer reaches of their solar system. The bewildered fledglings were then fully introduced to everything they were missing, just slow enough to prevent catatonic culture shocks from the sheer scale of all of the advancements they would get. 

Only now were the first few civilian settlers interspersing themselves amongst galactic society. Contrary to popular human belief, there would not be massive generational starships with millions of their species colonizing entire planets at a time.

Nope. They'd be hitching rides on established, scheduled cargo cruisers, buying tickets just as they had been for their own surface vessels. There were no "starliners" equivalent to their airlines, and they'd change that once their fleetmaking capacity had developed enough, but for they were still too new. 

And so they had prioritized, saving their most able bodied for the yet-to-be-created Terran Military. They had soldiers, but no fleet, no jurisdiction, and no galaxy-scale production abilities.

Humanity's first forays into the hesitantly welcoming galaxy ended up being individual families. Yes, the Council had prepared *them* for their upcoming experiences, but nobody bothered to tell the rest of the galaxy what humans would be like. 

Ah well. Glorvax figured that if they were aware of what galactic customs would be like, they'd be ready for such things, and the equivalent human customs could be shared later. 

So she went next door, making sure her floral print dress was presentable, and the plate of cookies  was appropriately appetizing. ( It was made with a human recipe, as one cultural reference that she fortunately did have was access to their beloved Internet, connected to the Galactic network as almost the first step of their uplifting. It didn't make actually understanding any of it, never mind them, any easier, though.)

She knocked. The young, tired mother opened the door, and Glorvax immediately recognized a kindred spirit. 

"Hi," Glorvax began. "I'm your neighbor, Glorvax. I saw that you just moved in, and I wanted to welcome you. I tried to make cookies; care to try them?" She offered the plate.

The woman smiled, tired, then immediately frowned as a loud crash echoed from inside the dwelling. "TREVOR!" she yelled, absentmindedly setting the cookies on the formal dining room table, "Are you ok?"

"Young offspring?" Glorvax asked, a knowing smile in her tone perceived beyond the differences between species. 

The woman nodded. "Yes, Trevor's three. Always breaking things, much like his father." She sighed, brushing a stray hair away from her face, but with a smile. "Hello, thank you. I'm Allison. David's offworld, working for SpaceCorp. He has to travel quite a bit, which means usually, the only one around to clean up Trevor's messes is me." Allison's resigned smile remained on her face. Such was the family's situation as they got established in their new home. Such was the pattern for many human families, no matter where they were moving to or from. Even space was ripe for companies to exploit employees to spread human culture and product to as much of the market as each could manage.

Some things were constant across cultures. 

And yet some things weren't. Trevor ran into the room and saw the plate of cookies, and like any three year old, beelined straight for the biggest. Taking a massive bite, his face screwed up in disgust as he spat the half-chewed glob back onto the plate. Both women's face showed a horrified confusion, but then shocked understanding dawned on Allison's face. 

"You said you followed a human recipe?" Allison continued as Glorvax nodded. "But you couldn't have. All sugar is still on Earth as the Council investigates its potential as a narcotic to some species. Try anything you want but you can't make a good cookie without sugar."

She paused. 

"It's ok, Glorvax, you tried! I really do genuinely appreciate that!" She laid her hand on Glorvax's shoulder reassuringly, but Glorvax was still unconvinced.

"Is there anything I can do to make it up to you?"

Allison thought. "We still don't have groceries, and I'd have to go offworld to find some proper analogues to milk that he needs to grow. Could you take care of him? It'd only be for a day. I'll be back by the evening. You could show him around! He hasn't seen any of this planet at all!"

Glorvax lived alone. She wasn't dissatisfied, but could do with an adventure of sorts. 

"I'd love to. Could you teach me how?"

More smiles between the two. 

"TREVOR!" his mother yelled, "Come meet Miss Glorvax! She lives next door and is going to be taking you out this weekend..."

---

Glorvax and Trevor waited to cross one of the main streets of town on their way to the zoo. Trevor was excited to see aliens. The light changed, but before they stepped off the curb, Trevor reached his tiny hand up and clasped Glorvax's primary manipulator. Then, to her surprise, he squeezed. Hard. Hard enough she felt her manipulator deform. She squealed, yanking away from him.

"What was that for?!" she yelled rhetorically, surprised to hear an answer.

"My mommy says I have to hold an adult's hand when I cross the street."

She regretted being so reflexively harsh on him. "Ok, but can you be careful? You hurt me a little."

"I'm sorry, Miss Glorvax," he said sweetly, trying again. This time his grip was so light he was barely maintaining contact. 

They crossed the street. 

---

"Why does that lion have so many eyes?"

"It's a zorbeast. It has to see to find its food."

"But lions are only supposed to have two eyes, and they see their food."

"The grass is too tall for that where zorbeasts are from."

"Why?"

"Grassfruit has to be too high off the ground to get eaten by the rockdeer."

"Is that them?"

"Mhm."

"Why are they so short?"

"They live underground. If they were any taller they wouldn't fit in their holes."

"Why?"

"They have hooves, see? You can't dig with hooves."

"Why?"

Glorvax considered. Then she made a phone call. 

Within a week, the hooved species of the galaxy had new implements for their hooves courtesy of SpaceCorp based on human prosthetics.

---

Glorvax was taking Trevor to get some food. 

"Can we have some of those?"

"No, you're too young for flop stacks."

"But they're pancakes."

"You'll make a mess. The toppings drip everywhere."

"Why aren't they making waffles?"

"...What's a waffle?"

SpaceCorp was soon seeing record profits.

---

The sun was setting. Glorvax was taking Trevor home.

He squealed. "KITTY!"

"Careful Trevor, it's a flarkle."

"Can we keep him?"

"No, flarkles aren't allowed in homes."

"Why?"

"They make people scared."

"Why?"

"They randomly bump into you when you aren't expecting it."

"Why?"

Glorvax thought.

"I guess... that's how.. they show they like you?"

"He's not scary, look!"

Trevor was holding it. It was purring contentedly while he scratched its head.

"You can't keep him Trevor."

"Why?"

"Be... because I said so!" Glorvax hoped that would end it.

But both Trevor and the so-called "kitty" looked at her with such big round teary eyes that all resistance melted away.

"We'll all get in trouble!"

"But he's hungry!"

"No one knows what they eat!"

"Why?"

"Uh..."

She didn't want to say no one cared about them. 

So instead Glorvax called the zoo. 

By sundown Kitty was gnawing at a cube of shug meat from a saucer. 

---

Allison returned laden with plastic bags (#onetriporbust) to find a cat curled up in her son's lap as he religiously brushed its fur. Fresh waffles were piled high on a plate while SpaceCorp's stock value shot through the roof. A text she hadn't read yet would tell her that her husband was on his way home to milk as many ideas from his son as possible.

She dropped her bags in shock. A gallon of milk exploded.

Kitty immediately ran over to the puddle and began lapping it up. 

"Oh no," Allison chided, immediately picking up the orange furblob as he meowed in indignation, "You don't want any of that."

"But why?" her son pleaded. 

"Trust me, Trevor, you don't want to have to clean those carpets if he does. Because if he makes a mess, you clean it up!"

"But moOoOoOom!" he whined. 

"No buts! If you want to keep Kitty, you're going to take care of him. Now thank Miss Glorvax, she took good care of you!"

"Thank you Miss Glorvax!" he recited, hands clasped in front of him. 

"My little darling," Glorvax responded, pinching his cheeks as he squirmed away from the affection.

They bade their goodbyes for the day.

---

Trevor went straight to bed for a story.

"Trevor, Kitty can't sleep with you?"

"Why?"

"Both of you kick in your sleep, AND he has claws, AND both of you need to learn to sleep in your big boy beds by yourselves. Pretty soon both of you won't fit in one bed together. You're growing boys."

"Why?"

Allison laughed. "Everybody grows, Trevor, until they're all grown up like Mom and Dad!"

"Even Kitty?"

"...I don't know about Kitty."

"Why?"

"I don't know if he's a baby or if he's already all grown up. I'll figure out who to ask in the morning."

"Aww, morning's so far!"

"Not if you go to sleep!"

"No story then."

"No story? Why?"

"Wanna play with Kitty faster." Trevor had had a long day. He was mumbling now. 

"Good." Allison kissed his forehead. Both of the men of the household were quickly asleep, with the third arriving by morning. That would be a good surprise. 

She smiled, then went to bed herself.

In the morning she could consider just why cats needed scratching posts at all.

In the morning the damage to the walls would quickly remind her.

---

I'm a camp counselor, can you tell? 

[My wiki](https://www.reddit.com/r/HFY/wiki/authors/karthinator)
