Fallen: Part 1
British_Tea_Company
Special thanks to /u/Voychek for convincing me to motivate me enough to pull this first chapter out. More to come later. 
_________
When Fleet Admiral Richard Pike finally set himself down within the spacious quarters that had been assigned to him, he took one final moment to enjoy the luxury of having a bathroom all to himself, and he took that moment to clean himself up. Cleansing his sweaty neck with brisk water, Pike looked into the mirror and saw himself. The man that stared back looked at least ten years older. 

Like his normal daily ritual, Richard gave not even the slightest stir at his own face within the mirror. By all accounts, Richard was a handsome man. His carefully groomed hair gave off a vibrant shade of chestnut, and he commonly found that girls stared at him when they thought he wasnt looking. If there was anything that went against his appearance, it would have to be his eyes. They commonly glared even when he in the few moments he remained content. Despite the coldness one would expect from someone who carried an almost perpetual frown, It gave off a very serious, and manly vibe for him. 

That was the issue. 

If Richard had to hazard a guess, many decades ago, someone would have said he looked like he was in his early thirties. The way his muscular frame and exquisite head all matched together, many would have mistaken him to be a man. In truth, he was not. Richard was still a month away from his eighteenth birthday. 

As he left his room and went down the halls of his ship, he saw men and women, knowing full well the charade that had kept up for over a generation. The average age on this vessel was about as sixteen. The youngest members of the crew remained in the single digits. Richard himself had learned how to load and properly utilize a pistol when he was seven. He had already learned how to pilot a ship when he was eleven, and he had been leading fleets when he was fifteen. Following the resignation of former Fleet Admiral David Baker, Richard Pike was made official head of the EDF about two months before he would turn eighteen. Though Richard wasnt quite an adult yet, he was already more than a man. 

For the past week, he reminded himself about how things could have been different. He reminded himself that had the coalition never made contact with Earth, he could still be at home with his parents and grandparents. He wouldnt be living a life where grandparents was a nostalgic concept of the past or cherishing forlorn memories of the two people who had existed so briefly within his life. He mused to himself, realizing that he was almost the age where he would have to be one of those two people within some future childs memory. Granted, the war may have ended, but he still had the ominous feeling within his head that his troubles werent over. Earths troubles were never over. 

He had recalled Earths decision that had been made just yesterday. President Yuan Shen had announced that Earth would be severing all ties with the coalition. Humanity was done with playing the thug, the meat shield and the grunt for the organization that had given them scraps for the lives of three generations. Intelligence had indicated that the coalition had called at least three meetings in light of this event. If Richard didnt know any better, a storm was brooding. 

Silently, he wished that war would break out between Earth and the coalition. It had been those damn blue-skins. The other races of the coalition had apologized profusely, some even got on their hands and knees begging for forgiveness. Most of them never even knew that the Erians had been responsible for diverting the Horde in a path which led them straight to Earth. It was the Erians themselves which Richard hated. He subtlety wished he would get the opportunity to watch his new ships weapons cut through Erian ships, just as he wanted to be able to gut one of those snobby bastards. 

His seething continued. He cursed himself, and he cursed Jill. He remembered how Vahlis had told the council he was going to open a black hole right in their skulls. He remembered how Jill had asked, no, begged for him to spare their lives and their people. He remembered his own silence, and cursed himself once again for now requesting Vahlis instead open a supernova right in their heads. 

Vahlis had went home now to another universe. He still remained the talk however. It had been Vahlis who exposed the truth being this coalition, and it had been Vahlis who had destroyed the Horde with a snap of his fingers. Many had wished the man could stay, but it was clear from the beginning that Vahlis only intended this to be a pitstop. At least, a pitstop that could benefit someone. 

Richard sighed and inwardly joked to himself that one day, hell be able to throw stars at people he didnt like. If he could, hed probably drop a supernova right on Eria right now. Perhaps if relations truly sour, then he could at least have the opportunity to bomb that world into ash. 

As of now however, he sulked. He sulked, and remained unaware of the apparition which stepped out from the darkness and moved to greet him. 


Terror was something that had been foreign to Richard all throughout his life. When he heard the sound of an unfamiliar step within his quarters, his hands already had clasped around the knife when the first footfall was audible, and before the second step could be made, the razor sharp blade was already sailing through the air behind him. 

_________________________

Very uncouth of you, boy. The stranger lectured in an elegant drawl as a set of aged hands curled around the handle. The knifes point was only a few inches away from his chest, yet it was entirely debatable to how much damage that would have done. The stranger wore a hybrid of armor and robes, and though the chestplate was a decorative carving of a roaring dragon, there was no denying that it was as protective as it was ornamental. 

Though he was hardly accustomed to what could only be described as magic, there was no doubt he found himself talking to yet another sorcerer, or perhaps more. The blackhole which had opened over the Horde was not an act of sorcery. It was an act of divinity, and here Richard found himself, staring into the violet eyes of *someone* who had gave off an unmistakable tingling presence. 

Who or what are you? 

Through the darkness of a dimly lit room, it was impossible to tell whether or not those violet eyes simply were very bright, or had an unnatural glow to them. It was also difficult to tell the rising corners of the visitors mouth, though realization sent waves of unease through even a fearless heart. 

Weve been taking an interest in what has occurred here. But it would be rude for us not to introduce ourself. We are Emperor Sephrael, from another time and another place. Tell me boy, how does it feel to have been exploited by outsiders? Used? And ultimately, how does it feel to be robbed? 

Whats it to you? I feel pissed. And why the hell are you referring to yourself in plural? 

A simple habit we picked up. Now boy, we only wanted to know how you truly felt. When you were given an opportunity for vengeance, to send those blasted aliens straight into the depths of a singularity, why did you ultimately remain silent, instead of asking for what should have been yours by right? 

How do you even nevermind. Because Ji no wait, because I I wan no wait yes I do 

Then boy, tell us, what is it that you want now? Do you wish for vengeance? Justice? Or will you only sulk and suckle at a wounded pride? The coalition exploited you. Exploited you're father, and his father before him. Do you allow only harsh words to be justice? Or do you wish to make them pay for what they have robbed you of? 

I am going to make those bastards pay for everything. You can count on that. One way or another, it will be done. 

Good boy. Listen to the seething with you, the anger, the indignation, and now, the rising purpose. Youll learn soon enough that your silence may have been an accidental boon. Tell me, what satisfaction is there to stare at the eye of a singularity, knowing that it is the grave of your opponents? There is none. What better way than to reap vengeance by being there to listen to their final gasps for air? To watch the ground be soaked with their blood and their tears? Revenge is a very personal thing, and though it could be done with the help of strangers, it should never be done by anyones hand who isnt yours. 

Youre talking about war. In case you havent realized, were really tired of that. 

Then why build this vessel that you now captain yourself with? Why overhaul the production of your factories and drydocks to build warships and armadas? You know the inevitable. You what is to come. The humanity we knew would always seek vengeance after a wrongdoing. 

I want justice, not revenge. 

Call it what you will, but in the end, whether or not you ruin the coalition or massacre them, it doesnt matter. We only wish to see you succeed, after all, were both human. We will return to you. Perhaps you may be worthy of a gift of our power. 

Sephrael faded into nothingness, no trace of him remained with Admiral Pikes room. Only the lingering thoughts of his words, and the ever-growing temptation and anxiety that involved a war against the coalition. 
