F.A.R.T | Hello, my name is 40k. And welcome to jackass.
TrueDankMemer
Phew this part popped up fast :D I just wrote and then I was done. How time passes :)

Anyways. Since I wrote it this fast I was unable to build in any of the suggestions I asked for in the last part (except for the fart jokes) YET. They will come. I cant promise it though since the story often happens just like this one. I will try my best to build it in.

Sooooo have fun reading :D

---

First part: https://www.reddit.com/r/HFY/comments/478zq8/oc_fart_1_teaser_maybe/

For other parts check out either my reddit profile or the bot thing in the comments.

---

Something is fishy 40k brought out to break the silence, as usual. The squad had just moved through a mostly intact part of the town to the coordinates that the aliens from before had given them and were now undercover observing the situation.

The fish market maybe ? Lemon asked referring to an actual fish market that was only a few meters to their right. Even through their helmets they were able to smell it.

No I mean this general. 40k replied. He was actually talking about the fact that the general was just in plain sight in front of them sitting on a brick wall. He definitely didnt seem too alerted of anything, and if he had been paying any kind of attention then he wouldve already seen the FART. So that it wasnt only 40k who assumed that it was a trap of some kind.

Scan shows absolutely nothing unusual. Vicy said to the squad through their headsets. If this really is the general then he is just begging to be shot.

Maybe he is Ghost whispered  and slowly began moving. But the only way we can find it out for sure is to go and see.

Hes right Drake said without moving himself. 40 you go.

40k turned his head to his squadmate for a second but then sighed and stood up. He had mixed feelings about this. On the one hand he would be the one to die first if it turned out to be a trap, but on the other hand his squad always had his back. But he wasnt the type to think for too long so he walked through the small open area to get to the general. And just a moment before he was in touching range the general disappeared. And just as quick as the general had disappeared 40k felt the cold sensation of a barrel against his cheek. From then on everything happened too fast.

Drake and the others jumped out of their cover and aimed at 40k, since the person aiming at him was in front of him, and a lot of shouting erupted from both sides. Surprisingly 40k was the one to instruct the others to be quiet. For some reason they obeyed and Drake moved around him to see why.

It seemed like in the end the general had found them sort of. The person who was aiming the gun at 40k was the general. A loud relaxed breath could be heard from Drake, then he began talking in galactic standard trying to explain the situation. And after a whole minute of talking the only thing that came from the general was Dude I don't understand shit.

Drake stood still, just like everyone else. 40k wouldve looked around if not for the gun still dangerously close to his brain. Eeeeh 40k began explaining, but only because it was him who was in the most dangerous situation.We are allies. Supposed to get you out of here.

Yeah sure. The general said to the squad. The last one who said this killed my men.

So why havent you shot him already ? Lemon asked, not because he was questioning the generals thoughts on them, but because he actually hoped that he would shoot 40k.

The general waited for a while, still keeping his gun on 40ks cheek. Are you Terrans ?

Yes we are. Ghost said, his voice as emotionless as always.

Federation or Union ? The general asked.

Federation. Ghost replied. Your government asked ours for help and they sent us. The Fast Access Recon Squad. Silent, but deadly.

Who is your commander ? The alien asked them.

Admiral Dick-Ass. 40k said, forgetting the gravity of the situation. Only a push on the gun on his cheek reminded him of it again.

Admiral Issac Gordon. Drake corrected him.

Good. the general removed his gun and lowered it. It actually appeared like he believed the FART, just like he should. Whats the plan ?

Just a second. Drake said, then spoke through his headset. Vicy, we found the general whats the plan ?

Eeeh well the original plan was to meet up with a Union squad that was supposed to break through the lines. But there is a small problem.

Problem ? Lemon asked her.

Well they have been pulled back to assist troops at another position. The admiral believes that you are capable enough to get out yourselves.

Oh wow good move. Remind me to thank the admiral. 40k sounded through the channel, sounding very sarcastic.

Just give the general the access key to the com channel and move to our closest beachhead. Vicy spoke to them. At this moment another marker on their screens showed up and Drake also added the generals communication device to their channel.

Ah Admiral. I hope I am in the best hands. The general spoke into his device which was on his wrist. Compared to the FART he didnt have to wear a helmet to filter out gases so he could breathe.

Sorry to disappoint you. Vicy replied. The admiral is currently busy. You are speaking with the main communication officer.

Oh well then. The general spoke. I still hope I am in the best hands.

Most definitely. Now everyone, I will be off. If you need me call my name. Vicy said, first to the general, then to the whole FART.

Now then. Ready up, and move to the marker. Drake ordered his squad.

I cant believe we are actually doing this. 40k burst out.

Better believe it. Now unless you have a better idea I suggest that you shut up. Drake shot back.

Just as the, now 5 men large group, was about to move a couple of shots rang between them. Instinctively they jumped to the nearest cover and aimed their gun at the source of the shots, which turned out to be a decently sized Kiziaw squadron, but these guys were expecting the fight unlike those from their previous encounters. All in all it looked bad for the FART. After exchanging fire a few times it was Lemon who picked up the conversation again.

So what now cap ? He asked Drake.

Drake only looked around. There wasnt much at their position that they could use to their advantage. It looked like their only option was to pull back, but against so many enemies even this would get them killed. It was then, that Drake noticed some kind of pick up truck in a rather safe position. It was a hovercar, not made for cities, so it had to be the perfect thing they could have in this situation.

40 ! Ever steal a car ? He asked his squadmate. He had his reasons to believe that the answer would be a positive one.

Only when I needed one Drake. Came the answer.

Drake pointed at the vehicle. Get to work. We will cover you.

40 looked at the vehicle, nodded, and quickly moved over while still remaining in good cover, They were unsure whether the Kiziaw had even spotted him.

Wait! Lemon shot out. You want us to ride through enemy lines in an alien tin can ? Want to paint a bullseye on it too ?

I`m sure that won't be necessary. Drake replied, dodged a few shots, and then shouted at 40k through his headset. 40, what are you doing ?

Im working Drake, Im working on it. His squadmate replied.

Quit working and get it done! Lemon shouted at him.

Not even a second later they heard engines roar up and 40k scream enthusiastically. I got it! I got it. Now get in.

Drake chuckled. Alright. One by one. I will keep you covered. He ordered the group while he began suppressing the enemies. It was not a great plan, but the best one they had. And the general actually turned out to be a decent guy in combat, so that the squad was able to get on board of the vehicle within seconds. Lemon sat in the front next to 40k, who was in the driver's seat, and the other three sat down in the rear. Even before all were sitting, 40k stepped on the gas, and the vehicle first raised itself half a meter above ground, and then shot forward. Drake, Ghost, and the General fired the last shots at the Kiziaw before they were out of range.

Soon after the shooting stopped chuckling erupted between the FART. I cant believe we actually survived. Ghost said, now sounding happier himself.

Yeah Lemon said. Wait what is this music ? He was the first one to notice that the cars radio was on and bursting some catchy tunes at a decent volume. The others also noticed and looked at 40k.

Oh this he leaned closer to the hologram showing the radio station Funky 70s Terran Music Channel.

Shut it off. Drake ordered.

Cant. 40k replied. Had to re-route the engines power supply, and the radio was the only option. If I turn it off the car turns off too.

Damn Drake said but began bobbing his head. Well, it is catchy.

It is. Ghost added and joined Drake on the beat. 

I thought you guys were the best the general whispered.

While moving his head, Ghost suddenly stopped and raised his gun again, just before shouting. Enemies at six.

Drake and the general raised their guns and aimed them back at the pursuit vehicles that had just popped up between the buildings. The vehicles fired at them, they fired back, and 40k only increased the volume of the music. 

You know. He spoke, not noticing that nobody was paying attention to him. It is perfect. The music I mean: But soon even he became serious and shouted, now getting everyones attention. TANKS AHEAD.

Lemon, who had been looking back at Drake and Ghost, now turned his head forward and felt a cold shower run down his back as he saw that in some distance two hovertanks had parked to block the street, both firing shells at the incoming vehicle but missing it thanks to 40ks driving. For some reason he pulled out the safety belt and buckled up. Drake and Ghost were too busy with the pursuit vehicles to look ahead themselves.

Turn left! Turn left! Turn left! Turn left! Turn left! Lemon shouted at his squadmate, but 40k ignored him. Instead 40 placed his hand on the radio.

He dodged another few shots, but never showed any signs of slowing down. Even the pursuit vehicles behind them had slowed down themselves, giving Ghost, Drake, and the General time to look forward. And if any of them had a safety belt, they wouldve buckled up themselves.

You are gonna kill us! The general shouted, while holding on to the car as hard as he could.

YOOOOLOOOOO 40k shouted to his squad, giving them all a reason to prepare for the end. Then, just seconds before the impact, 40k shut off the radio, and the vehicle fell to the ground, from where it kept gliding, and right under the two tanks. While beneath them 40k turned the radio back on, and the anti gravity engines pushed it up and forward again from where they continued with the same speed. The tanks attempted to fire at the vehicle speeding below them but missed, hitting each other instead.

The squad looked back in shock while 40k just kept driving. Then, after some time Drake slammed his fist against the roof of their vehicle, right above 40k. If you ever do something like that again, Ill rip your head off and shove it up your ass.

You said the same back with the predator queen. 40k replied, his grin hidden by his mask.

You guys met a predator queen and survived ? the general asked them in shock, now even more than seconds before when they were being shot at.

Not only survived. 40k said with a tone of pride in his voice. I killed her.

The general leaned forward. Impossible. How ?

He tried to fly a plane and ended up crashing it right on top of one. Lemon answered instead of 40k, then looked over to him. I couldve done that.

Yeah, but you didnt. 40 shot back.

---

I dont really know what to do with the suggestions you have for Vicy though, as she is one of the characters I have a decent backstory for... in my head. She is not the combat type of person, and I doubt that someone on community service would get to coordinate the tip top tippy top top secret human squad.

Some of her backstory is supposed to be elaborated in a future part of the story, but besides her wanting to go on a mission with the FART once I personally cant think of any other reason why she should be on the battlefield. And even if she wanted, it would be hard to believe that an admiral would risk the life of one of his most important assets.

I will definitely have to think about it a bit more, or if the original poster of the suggestion ( shoutout to /u/h2uP and thanks for reading my shit :D ) could elaborate it a bit. (or anyone else with a good idea for this)

    (^)