The Weight We Carry Ch 13
RegalLegalEagle
It seems that once I forced myself to write I got my usual flow back in no time. Here's the latest chapter! Expect more soon! And if you don't like confusing mobster talk well too bad cause it's fun to write!

[My Stories](https://www.reddit.com/r/HFY/wiki/authors/regallegaleagle)

[My Patreon](https://www.patreon.com/user?u=2300449&alert=1&ty=h)

___________________________

New Hope Building Project outside the wall of Divinity City 8:49 am local time. December 21nd Year 14 AU.

To be honest the view from up here was pretty incredible. The city stretched out all around us, and while the tower was away from the city proper and mostly just looking out over the slums it was still impressive to see how far it stretched. Divinity City and the surrounding slums were way bigger than Kansas city had ever been. It was a clear blue day, bit cold but not bad for late December. Though it was worse at this height with the wind whipping around me. There was no point in trying to light a smoke or I likely would have. I dont know if I really liked cigarettes. But it gave me something to do while I thought.

Some day I could come up here and the tower would be finished. I could look out across the city from a position of greater power than anyone in my family had ever had. But there was a cost to it. Working with the aliens. The creatures who made humans second class citizens on our own planet. But such was the price of losing the war. Did people hate me not because I was a mob boss but because I helped the aliens? Of course I helped them so theyd help me and in turn I could make life easier for the people in the slums but how many people realized that? People were nice to my face, but only an idiot is rude to a mob boss to his face.

I was probably wasting my time thinking about things that didnt matter. But it was times like this that I enjoyed quietly reflecting on where I was in life, and where I was headed. What did I want from life? Aside from finishing the tower. I did hope that someday soon Id be able to make a trip to the ocean again. I missed it. Somehow seeing the water stretch out further than the eye can see is more majestic than Kansas. But the aliens absolutely hate the water and aside from what are considered absolutely necessary ports the coasts were abandoned. Well they dont hate water. They just hate the ocean. Never did figure that one out. 

Maybe I could take a trip out to the Rockies. It wasnt the ocean but it was still grand and majestic. Though there werent many settlements out there anymore. Colorado had been mostly destroyed through the invasion. Too many government bunkers out there. And the Aliens didnt care for mountains either. But I think thats just because they think its inefficient. They like flat places. Flat places far from the oceans. Seems a bit ironic that the heart of Africa and center of Australia were quickly becoming home to much larger cities than theyd ever had before the invasion.

Was there anything else I wanted besides a vacation? I dunno. Whenever I ask the guys about this sort of thing they normally just talk about wanting to get laid. I swear if Silvio went more than two days without sex he might just spontaneously combust. That was one of the unfortunate necessities of my work. Dealing with men who had far more testosterone than sense. Of course this line of work required that sort of person. Most smart people dont want to get involved in dangerous violent crimes as part of their career choice.

I just wished theyd think with their dick a little less. How often had the family been hurt by some wiseguy who wanted a piece of tail that belonged to someone else? How many fucking Capos had been brought down because they couldnt keep their damn mouths shut around their goomah? How many families had been brought down over two cugines fighting over the same girl?

Even now I felt like my most trusted business associates were a bunch of old ladies. They didnt think with their dicks thats for damn sure. They kept things strictly professional, which I liked a great deal. But then again every so often knowing the right girl could help me out. But only if I was careful to keep our arrangements also strictly professional. Thats why I liked Agent Johnson. Having been a fed before all this he carried himself very differently than most of my capos. I know some of the family grumbled about how I didnt give blood preference but fuck that. A successful organization is only as strong as its managers. Blood or water I only want the best. Especially since Im stuck with some real hot heads.

Fucking say something! That made me blink for a moment. Id pretty much spaced out on what had brought me up here in the first place. I glanced over my shoulder at Mr. Darcey. He had a noose around his neck and Tony was holding him close to the edge of the unfinished floor. Id made sure my boys didnt rough him up too bad but he had struggled when we came for him in the bed of his favorite girl. Whatever the Irish called their goomahs.

Whats wrong Mr. Darcey? Arent you enjoying the view? I did tell you not to look down. Its more about looking out across the city. I said and waved my hand at the view before us.

Fuck you. Ah such a passionate one he was even in his current situation.

Mr. Darcey youre only here because of what you tried to do to my boys on the street. Do you think this little talk is unwarranted? I was careful to watch my accent around other bosses. I hated appearing like the stereotype they all expected. I know my father hit every bullet point on the Italian mob boss checklist but I wasnt that sort.

The reason were talking is those fucking polack sonsuvbitches backed out on their deal! He growled out and struggled a bit in Tonys grip. But while Mr. Darcey was spirited he wasnt all that big. Though anyone whod suggested he reminded them of an angry leprechaun had a habit of falling down several flights of stairs onto some bullets.

Now now, Im sure the fine residents of this city who have Polish ancestry wouldnt like being referred to in such a manner. Though its interesting you tell me they backed out on their deal because they insist that they had no intention of coming after me. After all none of my capos have had a visit from Mr. Blazkowicz. And Id know if he was active. Hes not very subtle that one. So instead what I have to go on is you and your boys making a move into some neighborhoods where they dont belong. I turned to look at Mr. Darcey more fully now rather than just over my shoulder.

Fuck you! He growled again and then spat at me, but with the wind up here it just flew back into his face which made me smile. Id very specifically made sure to arrange ourselves in this manner. Dago motherfucker! He cursed as I chuckled.

Such language. Theres really no need for it. Mr. Darcey youre a boss. You should know by now that if I simply wanted to kill you then youd never have left Miss OBriens bed. Youre here because theres some hope for you still. Im sure that you were expecting a small scuffle between our soldiers and that you were safe from what happens on the streets. I wanted to correct you of this misconception before anyone on either side ended up in a pig trough. These days meat was in short supply. No one wasted their dead. To the pigs they went.

I didnt kneel for your father! I wont kneel for you! He growled out once more. I was beginning to think he could only speak in angry grunts like that.

Ah, but Im not my father. He would have been more than happy to let this play out as some little war in the streets. To test you, and his own. But Im not my father. I dont like noisy situations like that. And Im not asking you to kneel. Im not asking for tax. What Im asking for is allegiance.

Never! He replied before I could go further and I just smiled.

When you were in school did you like history? It was probably my favorite subject. When most people from my family talk about history they just mean the golden age before RICO. But I look much further back than that. To the Romans. The real Romans. The ones who conquered most of the known world. They had a very interesting tactic to make friends with chiefs and lesser kings who were useful but troublesome. I pulled at datapad from my pocket and held it out where he could see.

You son of a bitch! He screamed, struggling even harder against Tonys grip but he wasnt going anywhere. Hell if he did break free all hed achieve is hanging himself from the noose around his neck but he wasnt thinking very clearly right now. You let my grandson go right now!

You misunderstand. I arranged for him to be enrolled in one of the best schools in the city. Its deep behind the wall. Full scholarship for him and his younger sister. You see their mother was tired of living in the slums with her abusive husband. I gave them an alternative. You can still go visit them whenever you like. Its not like theyre prisoners Oh thats right you have trouble getting past the wall dont you? You know who doesnt have that issue? Garbage trucks. And I just happen to be friends with all the garbage men in this whole city. I watched him then, letting my words slowly sink in.

It got quiet once more with just the wind whipping around us. His face scrunched up as he looked ready to either bust a blood vessel in his neck or maybe shit his pants to try and spite me but after a minute or so he finally relaxed, sagging in Tonys grip suddenly. Hed likely been thinking through his options. Of which there werent many. What do you want? He finally asked.

Like I said. Allegiance. I dont want tax. I dont want territory. Im very aware that everyone in this damn city has their sights on my back. Triads, Cartel, Yakuza, even those organizations without names. All I want is to know you wont try coming for me anymore. Youll tell your soldiers that were now friends. If anyone comes to you with another plan to hit me. You agree to it. And then tell me. Got that? Mr. Darcey looked like a very different person with all that hatred and anger drained out of him now. He just nodded slowly for a moment and then looked back up.

My grandkids? I Im not proud of my kid and what he did to Stacey but hes just

Theres no excuse for spousal abuse Mr. Darcey. The only reason Im even willing to deal with you on this is the fact that she actually vouched for you. Told me you were trying. Just not hard enough. Ill allow visitation from time to time. Nothing right now. I want to make sure you behave. He glared at me for a moment then before sighing and nodding once more. I nodded to Tony then who pulled Mr. Darcey back from the edge and removed the noose.

As Tony began to walk Mr. Darcey back over to the elevator I looked over at Johnson and Lorenzo. So, please tell me everything's prepared for the start of the festival.

Sure is. Lorenzo nodded and I let out a sigh of relief. This little business with Mr. Darcey had taken up more of my attention the last few days than Id have liked. Got all the food comin in nice and hot. The lights are all set up. Its set to go in He checked his watch. Bit under an hour. I checked my own watch to see that it was 9:04. I had a bit of time then to get there and look things over before my speech.

The Baking and Culinary Guilds came in for us just like you said. Mrs. Ventimiglia has proven to be very capable at getting everyone to work together. Johnson said with a nod. That was good. I know Mrs. OHara likes her so it seemed things were working out. But are you sure letting Darcey go was the best idea? That made me look over at the ex fed and arch an eyebrow.

Youd have rather I let him dance? I forgot how they put it in the old westerns when talking about letting someone hang but I figured hed get the context.

Im sure youve noticed hes a bit of a hothead. You think you can control him just because you moved his grandkids into the city? Johnson asked.

You saw how he reacted. Ive got the keys to let him see his grandkids. Hell Im already givin them a better shot at life. I could feel my accent slipping. Damnit.

Well he has a point. The Romans when they kept guests? Everyone knew it was just a nice way of sayin do what we want or we cut their heads off. Lorenzo seemed to agree with Johnson. You? Well I dont know if people think youd do it. I slowly looked between the two and didnt know what to say at first.

What the fuck is this? I finally asked. Here I am trying to be a nice guy and run this family with a little less fuckin bloodshed and I got you two tellin me I might be too nice? I pointed at each of them. You know, youve got this all wrong. Its supposed to be an angel on one shoulder and a devil on the other. Not two devils tellin me I gotta kill more people. I huffed a little at that.

Its really about sending a message. Johnson continued. You dont have to kill a lot of people just you need to make it impactful. Hanging the boss of a gang who attacked you from the top of your tower? It sends a message. Generally speaking the message is that you have a tower and they dont so youre king and they arent. Im not saying heads on pikes. Though if the other organizations wont back off

Jesus Christ. I exclaimed as I stared at the former FBI agent. You listen to this fuckin fed? Christ. We should be so lucky he was being watched or else more of us woulda ended up swimmin with the fuckin fish eh? Some lawman you are.

Now that my country is no more the only rule I respect is the rule of power. Johnson said with a shrug. Killing is power. Dont get me wrong, mercy is also power. But some of the people youre dealing with dont see it like that. They see the aliens dont really watch them like we used to. Methods are getting more brutal in the slums outside your control. If you need to be a bit more brutal in order to save more innocents thats what Ill advocate. I looked at him for a little longer and then over at Lorenzo who shrugged.

Hes got a point. People know youre reasonable. Thats a good thing until you deal with someone who isnt reasonable. Then then maybe it aint so good. And let me tell you some of the other people out there? They aint so reasonable. Shit the cartel was chopping people up even before things went to shit. I gasped a little as my two advisors were talking to me like this. Some of them maybe we need to send them a message right? A message through the eye.

I very literally just stopped us from hittin the mattresses and now youre telling me you wanna send the others a message that might do the very same fuckin thing? I asked.

Look, we all know you wanna avoid a war. What with the tower goin up an all that. Which is why we might wanna send em a message like I said. Just through the eye. Let em know were watchin. Hell that might make em back off. I looked between him and Johnson who nodded.

Its a good idea. Especially now that you have a new asset. He added.

Who, Blazkowicz? Fuck I just got him on my side. You want me to put him to work already? Look you dont know this fuckin guy.

Sure I did. He interrupted me. I was a fed remember?

Right right. I nodded and continued. Well then you should fuckin know that the Poles only used him when things went real fuckin wrong because things have a habit of getting very messy around him. And me, Im a nice guy. I dont like killin people. But him? I got no idea what he is. You see him with his family? He seems like a nice guy. But how many nice guys you know drive a knife into someone's throat with a fuckin smile on their face? What youre askin is like askin a demolitions expert to get a cat outta a fuckin tree! Theyll make it happen but you aint sure youll like the results!

I stood there then and they both kept watching me before I tossed a hand in the air. Fine. Fuck it. I got advisors for a reason. Make it happen. But only give him one name. Make it clear this is just a message thing. Not a damn war. I promised hed get more time with his kids. He aint the sort you wanna break a promise with.

Ill set it up for New Years. Johnson said with a nod and Lorenzo nodded as well.

Thats good. I like that. Can I borrow Ivan? Ill get our other guys on some targets but I think its important you highlight your international assets. I looked over at Ivan who had been standing to the side with my other soldiers waiting for me and my advisors to be ready to leave the tower. I waved him over.

Ivan, Lorenzo has a task for you. Hell call you and work out the details later. But Im letting you know now that I approve. He nodded then.

Understood. We are sending message through eyeball. I looked over at him and arched a brow.

Were you listenin that whole time? He smirked and shrugged while I rolled my eyes. Shoulda known you sneaky Ruski. I pulled him close then with an arm around his neck as I shook him around a little. Alright. Nuff of this. Lets go party right? The others nodded and smiled as I headed to the elevator with Ivan. Silvio falling into step with us. The others would take the next elevator. It wasnt smart for us all to be on the same lift in case something happened.

Dont you wanna know who were goin after? Lorenzo called out.

I got advisors for a reason! I called out and kept walking. Once we were in the elevator I took a few deep breaths. Unique New York. Unique New York. Salvation is surreal in Syria. Salvation is surreal in Syria. Vivid, livid, vivifying. Vivid, livid, vivifying. Thoughtful thinkers think things through. Thoughtful thinkers think things through. I focused on calming down and getting prepared for my speech as I started up the festival. I wonder if new anchors had to do this every night? Or did they just not have obnoxious accents like I did? Then again maybe it was just who I hung around. If I moved to France would I start talking more like a frog? Hon hon hon.

I smiled at the thought but didnt stop my little linguistic warm up even as we rode the elevator down. It was a construction model so it took about 10 minutes just to get from the top to the bottom. Once at ground level we walked from the tower base towards the festival area which was in the streets all around the base of the tower. Next year if I kept everything on schedule wed have the festival inside the tower itself. I was looking forward to it. First we headed to Ventimiglias market across the street. It was quite busy inside, volunteers had trays of food laid out on the tables and were making sure everything was set for the vendors out on the streets. But I carefully made my way through the crowd to my usual meeting room in the back.

However instead of being filled with my capos today it was filled with organizers from the various guilds. And there at the center was Mrs. Ventimiglia with Mrs. OHara with a cluster of women around them taking notes. I waited for them to be sent off on their various tasks before approaching. Mrs. OHara smiled and nodded as I got close. I was wondering when wed see you here. Everything is going smoothly so far. Weve got more than enough for the first batch were sending out to each vendor and then the second and third batches are already being prepped for cooking once supplies run low. All thanks to Mrs. Ventimiglia, just like I told you.

Oh youre too kind. Too kind! My husband is always so busy with the cooking! I just help make sure he has the ingredients. The old Italian woman laughed and smiled but I was sure she just wanted to be modest around her new friend.

I never doubted you for a second. Either one of you! Youve clearly got a good eye for talent Mrs. OHara. But I am glad to hear everything is going smoothly. We do want to make sure everyone has a nice time today. I was just stopping by to talk to you about my speech. Last year I was the only one who spoke but seeing as youre representing your own guilds here today I wondered if youd like to speak first. Then Ill go and start off the festival.

She looked a little surprised that I was letting her go first but after a moment she smiled and nodded. I dont know what you expect an old lady like me to have to say in front of so many people but I wouldnt mind saying a word or two. Not like its some sort of political event? Just a winter solstice festival right?

I grinned at that. Of course. Its nothing political. How often it was that those who were politicians pretended to be anything but. Though human politicians these days werent like they were before. They were people like me and Mrs. OHara. Leaders of guilds who wanted to make sure that our people were looked after, so we could rule over them. 

The humans who joined the Unity and pretended to be our representatives were not our real rulers. They were just puppets who lived comfortable lives, and probably believed the lie that they spoke for their people. I speak for my people. Mrs. OHara speaks for her people. The people behind the wall have no idea what its like to really be a human on this planet anymore. Do you have any events to attend tonight on the other side of the wall? Or will you be staying out here today with us poor construction workers and garbagemen? I asked as she laughed softly.

And miss the festival? I just finished saying Im no politician. I cleared my schedule. I have PR people to meet with the executives. Not like the Bakers Guild means much inside the city. I heard that most union leaders will be here today. Is that true?

Guild leaders. I corrected and she made a face as she realized her mistake.

Oh yes, of course. Im one such guild leader myself! Just a slip as I thought of the old days. I know how closely garbage and construction used to be linked to unions. She smiled and I couldnt help but smirk a little myself. It was like she wanted to call me a mob boss but never outright said it. I didnt take it as a threat though. It just seemed to be her way of reminding me that she knew exactly who I was.

But yes, Im told that most Guild leaders will be here at some point. None of our chosen representatives however. They cited concern over lack of security. But there are a few who I do think you might like to meet. One Chief of Staff in particular has been a notable presence out here helping me with setting up the tower. Those were the other players I dealt with. Not the figureheads who thought they held power, but the actual power brokers. Never look to the people who do nothing but talk. Look to the people who get things done. Thats what my father believed. Thats what I believe. And I had made sure everyone who really needed to be here was here.

Well, when you get up on the podium just let me know when its my turn to talk. After that well see how the day goes. But dont forget I have to judge the cookie decoration contest. Though I already have my staff weeding out the less appropriate entries. I frowned at that, confused for a moment until she leaned in and whispered. Dick cookies. I was too shocked to hold back my startled laughter at the thought and she grinned until I mentioned.

Why not hold a separate measuring contest for those? Which made her laugh out just as she had a few days before. She gasped a little as her laughter was soon making her run out of breathe and she wiped a tear from her eye.

You are just the most entertaining young man Ive ever met. When she grinned and reached up to pinch my cheek I saw her as a doting old grandmother for a moment. But I wouldnt let myself hold onto that image. I knew shed had people killed. After all she ran the second best smuggling outfit in the city after myself. I dont know if she was trying to make me think of her as a harmless old lady. Or if she just couldnt help but act like that every now and then.

Alright well you two keep at it. We dont have long before the ceremony starts. I mentioned and checked my watch once more. 9:26. Id have to head up to the platform and take my seat in a little over 15 minutes. Just a few more stops. I nodded at the two of them as I took my leave and then glanced at Silvio. Has anyone seen my uh the person I was looking for?

No ones seen your girlfriend boss. He smirked up at me while I rolled my eyes.

I dont even know her name. Its a bit early to call her my girlfriend. I know nothing about her. Maybe shes a serial killer or something. I walked from the market towards a little cafe down the street.

Thats normally supposed to be my line when I warn you. Silvio chuckled along with Ivan on my other side. I nodded as Tony crossed the street then to meet up with us.

No problems? I asked and he shook his head. Mr. Darcey was back in the Irish neighborhoods then. I was about to mention to him to peel off and start looking for the girl when a cop in dress uniform approached us. I looked him over and smiled as I extended my hand. Captain Daniels right? Im glad you took my invitation. Always nice to have a cop attend a party. Usually means we wont be cited for a noise complaint. The guys chuckled but the dark skinned officer just stared at me without so much as a hint of a smile.

Funny. He said despite it sounding like my little joke had been anything but. Youve got a lot of people working on this tower project youve been pushing so hard for. I know that you likely dont know everyone who works for you but I was hoping you might pass these pictures around. Some people were looking for. I looked down as he handed over a set of pictures. One was of a band and the other were headshots. Two women and a man. I frowned and then showed the pictures to the guys who all shrugged.

I cant say that they look familiar. I shrugged and started to hand the pictures back but he pushed them back into my hand.

As I said, Im aware you likely dont know everyone you work with. If you could distribute those to your colleagues Id much appreciate it. Theyre part of a missing persons case that a friend of mine inside the city is looking into. Id be most appreciative for the help. With that he nodded and walked off leaving me with the pictures and likely a stupid look on my face as I couldnt quite figure out what had just happened.

I looked down at the pictures once more. Musicians? I looked at the others who shrugged once more. Then I just shook my head and handed the pictures to Tony. Get a few nice copies made and make sure you give them to Johnson and Lorenzo.

You wanna help the cop? Tony asked, clearly surprised.

I dont know Daniels. Hes an odd character for a cop outside the wall. If he wants to ask me a favor Id like for him to owe me a favor. I waved him off and Tony got moving to make the copies. I had to admit I was curious about why a police Captain would come to me with something like this. And now instead of during my normal work hours. It felt odd. I looked at Ivan and he beat me to it when he spoke up.

Ill go with Tony and get my own copies. Ask around. I nodded and then continued with Silvio still by my side. Soon I was walking into the cafe, normally it was busy but right now there were just four people around a table. Two women and two men. The men werent important. They were just large suits with shades and guns. I knew the type. The women were who I wanted to see.

So nice to see you outside of the wall without an entire platoon of our finest human collaborators to guard you Helen! I called out which made the dark woman in the blue suit just smirk. Helen Surette, Chief of Staff for the human speaker of Assembly. The woman behind the scenes who got shit done.

And here I thought I was travelling light and you only brought one of your own? She glanced at Silvio who smiled and made a kissy face at her. Id smack him later.

Helen, surely you know that out here the people on the streets would rise up as one to protect me from any harm. She laughed at that.

You know, whats funny about that is youre probably right. I dont think that they like you though. No its more that they know youre better than any of the alternatives. As she said that I shrugged.

In my line of work being least hated goes a long way.

Better to be feared than loved. She mentioned which made me laugh a little.

A bit of a misquote you know. Machiavelli said that while its best to be both loved and feared, if you cant manage both its safer to be feared than loved. I, manage to be both. Now. Shall we talk business? I glanced at the two suits with shades and she nodded.

Cmon you mooks. Lemme buy you a beer. Silvio said and lead them outside leaving me with Helen and her assistant. I didnt know her name yet. She looked interesting. I couldnt really place her ethnicity. She had darker skin but some sort of asian influence. Helen never introduced her and I never pried. Bad form. I unbuttoned my jacket then and sat at the table with the two women. I was about to start talking when Helen beat me to it.

I want to see your speech. She said as she sipped the cup of espresso she had before her. It was the real stuff too. Id made sure the cafe owner had some for her.

Pardon? I asked, a little confused.

Your speech for the festival. I thought it over a moment and shrugged before tugging the slip of paper from my jacket pocket and slid it across the table.

Ive already got it memorized. You can keep that copy if you like. I offered. She just handed it to her assistant who began to read it. Do I need to hire a speechwriter? I asked and Helen smiled but just sipped her drink once more without a word. I waited for a little before the assistant handed it over to Helen.

Its rather nice actually. Simple yet eloquent. Perhaps a touch heavy handed for what Id write but considering the crowd he might know them better. He speaks about the hope the building represents, and how important it is to have pillars in our communities so dedicated to providing us shelter. Using pillars of the community to mean something literally and figuratively. Makes sense given his architectural background. His main points are security, prosperity, and stability. But I think it would have worked better if hed just hit security several times. Security of person, security of income, security of society.

I made a mental note of that. Im so glad for your insight. I said then. Now that shed finally spoken I had to ask. And you are?

I want you to meet my speechwriter Miss Stein.

Stein? I couldnt stop my outburst of surprise at the name.

Im adopted. She said calmly and I could feel my face flush as Helen laughed.

I brought her along to make sure you had a nice speech prepared. Youre entertaining to talk to in person but I wasnt sure a murderer would be able to string words together for a crowd. The smile she leveled at me felt threatening in an odd way.

Helen please. Im an Architect. Sure there are unsavory characters in business who work for me but the whole point of being an architect is to make sure that Im above it all. And you should know by now that I dont even like using the unsavory characters who have talents outside of the normal field of construction. I mean really. Im a nice guy. I didnt know her well enough to talk too plainly though I wasnt sure what her angle was here.

I heard you mentioned that just after crushing a mans skull with a baseball bat.

I think you misheard. An associate of mine fell down a flight of stairs and onto a baseball bat. Its a common workplace injury out here. She laughed at that and smiled once more.

Good to hear. Maybe youre not a bad choice after all. I told you he wouldnt even get a little phased by some harsh words. Helen looked at her speechwriter who just shrugged. You see, I have my eye on you. There might be a more political position for you to fit into soon.

Nooo way. I said simply and shook my head. Work in the Assembly? Absolutely not. I like the power, I dont like the spotlight. Besides once this tower is done Im living out here. I dont like being on the other side of that wall. I didnt mention that it was because it made me think of a prison.

I figured, but thats just it. Theres talk of opening up a new assembly. Just for the people beyond the wall. That caught me by surprise. The Unity was going to allow the slums to have their own Assembly? What brought that on?

Well, even so. I tried to hide my surprise. Im going to be busy with running my tower.

Your tower? She asked and I looked her in the eye without changing my wording. It might not be your tower if I decide I need you out here. The slums assembly could work, or it could be a huge disaster and it all depends on who gets elected. We need people who can get things done, but also understand how to share their toys with the other kids. Which is why I like you for the job. Could be a big bump in pay, and power. I actually laughed at that.

You must be a bit confused about how much power and pay I have as an architect. Besides it will certainly be my tower. I have a promise from someone at the top of another tower. I smiled when Helen frowned, it was nice to see her caught confused for a change.

Who?

Just a professor. I said and she looked confused still before realization came to her and she leaned forward.

Do you mean *the* professor? I nodded. No way. Id have heard!

I even have his personal number. I tugged my phone from my pocket, brought up the number and slid it across the table. Miss Stein leaned over to look at the phone.

Thats his number.

What the hell? Helen exclaimed as I chuckled and leaned over to take my phone back. Why did he talk to you?

He wants me to run some little experiment for him in the tower once its done. Why? Whats he to you? I was curious now.

I provide things for him in the city. Run experiments myself. She looked worried now and I slowly nodded.

Ah. Now it all makes sense. I said while nodding like that as I quickly thought up a bluff that would work for me. See, he wanted to make sure the tower was run by someone he trusted. Ive gotten a few things for him outside the wall. I offered to work inside but he turned me down flat. Said he had someone for that. Its just that he didnt want his experiments on the outside and inside to interact. Something about keeping the control groups intact. I shrugged and she nodded.

That does sound like him. I was worried I had competition but it sounds like he just doesnt want either one of us working outside our comfort zone. Well he might change his mind once I have every slum Assembly rep in my pocket. But maybe it should be our pocket. If you wont run I want a name of someone who will. Someone youll put your weight behind.

I think youll need more than one person. Tell you what. How about you give me a list of who you want, and Ill give you a list of who I have? In fact I paused and thought it over for a moment. I think you might want to meet with the Bakers Guild leader. A wonderful woman named Deborah OHara. If she isnt up for it I bet shell know someone who is."

The Bakers Guild? Helens surprise made me smile once more. People inside the wall really lacked an appreciation for how powerful the bakers were outside the wall. Hot fresh bread was a wonderful thing for a cold hungry slum resident.

Ill introduce you after my speech. I glanced at my watch I needed to get going so I stood up. Well talk more soon. I need to go tell the crowd about how pillars of the community provide them three types of security. Helen smiled but Miss Stein was blank faced still.

Do you enjoy pretending to be a nice upstanding citizen despite running whore houses and protection rackets? She asked and I just smiled back as I fixed up my jacket. I knew she thought she was better than me. How often the political types, the true political types that is, thought they were better than family men like me. That we ran construction and garbage because we werent good enough to live in the sorts of circles they did. To go to their country clubs. Or their schools.

I think you forget Helen. Out here the people want me to protect them from the tincans more than anything else. These days were considered good guys, not the aliens who hold them down. Her smile faded then and I turned to leave. I knew she might reconsider our friendship if she thought I was part of the resistance. But hey. I looked back. That just makes me way more money than it used to. My father certainly never owned a giant tower. She smirked again as I turned back to keep walking for the door. 

Id have to keep my eye on Helen. I liked her but I dont think she gave two shits about humanity. Power was her only goal. Personal power.  And as much as I tried to keep some distance between us and the resistance for the sake of business I knew that there was something else I wanted in my future. More than a trip to the ocean. I wanted to see a day when humans were no longer second class citizens on their own planet. I wasnt sure if Id help make that happen from within, or without. But I knew now that Id make it happen one way or another. Because I might be a mafia Don, but fuck Im a human first and foremost.
