Faith and Fall
shiroukotomine
When we had first discovered the humans we had believed that we had once again come across a faithless race.

Their advanced technology and infrastructure was telling enough. That combined with their large numbers made them another favourable slave race to be assimilated into our theocracy.

Yes, you see we are a race of slavers or rather we were, our god had dictated it as such, proclaiming that all of reality was our domain and that no races could equal our tremendous faith.

You seem confused so let me enlighten you about what this all is about.
Eons ago when reality first sprang forward, the Supreme in order to govern over reality had sent portions of itself to all sentient races of the multiverse. But as you may know the Supreme is neutral and doesn't directly interfere with any matters of the multiverse. It only regulates the process of continuing existence without reality falling apart, it cannot afford to be partial.

But sentient creatures are often irrational at their early stages which is why to prevent their continual extinction and hence a large recall of souls in the small starting space of their holding cycles (a portion of space specially designed to extract and transfer celestial matter i.e. souls for the nourishment of the multiverse, holding spaces start out small but eventually grows larger as the section of that verse stabilizes) that portion of the Supreme takes on the shape of their sentient race's most deepest desires to make up for their lack of technology, which are generally energy entities going by the name of deities or spirits that bestow miracles upon their believers and powered by their steady stream of faith.

In this way reality keeps on functioning as a steady system akin to a machine, and even if one universe eventually collapses, a new one is formed and hence life continues.

For the longest of times our god the Great Erun the Lord of the Sky had wanted to grow the stretches of his empire beyond our world. When his cosmic powers had grown significantly as a result of our faith he had learned the art of travelling to other universes, but he had abstained for long fearing of inciting the wrath of whatever deities dwelled there.
So he had devised a wicked trick, he through his power would open small portals to other worlds and slowly deprive the worlds of inchor. The lifeblood of gods.

In precise terms it was a material that saturated the atmosphere of life sustaining planets provided by the Supreme to birth gods once a sentient race has developed complex thoughts overlapping with their natural desires.

Once inchor was deprived  of a world, slowly but surely the native gods began to fade and no matter the faith no miracles were wrought.
In several universes he had done so, watching his brethren die until only the barest echoes remained, snuffed finally with the loss of hope among the species who take their faiths as lies.

In some worlds it led to the annihilation of said species, enabling my kind to enter and dwell in said worlds (Most worlds had similar enough environments for the purpose, if not we used to extract resources), increasing our numbers and through it so did our faith, making our god stronger.

In others however surprisingly a species would turn to cold logic and whom we long defined distastefully as the 'Faithless', in these worlds the species thrived often making miracles through the use of amazing technology.

At first when sighted with such worlds we deemed them as a threat and started to fear, however our ever vigilant lord remained bold and observed. And with time we found two glaring weaknesses in these verses, firstly without their technology they were helpless and unable to survive let alone make miracles, secondly their technology no matter how advanced almost always played by the laws of the universe, unluckily for them miracles didn't and weren't bound by logic.

By exploiting these great weaknesses we had won many worlds and slaves. Finding ourselves threatened only twice in our history, once against a powerful technological race who had advanced enough to both physically augment themselves to god like proportions and had technology that could bend the rules of the universe. And another universe where despite being moderately technologically developed still had some smidgen of faith left and had managed to gather up remnants of their fallen deity in their last moments with our inchor powered miracles saturating their world.
Both times we had narrowly survived against our foes, back then we had believed it was fate but now we know it was nothing but dumb luck.
Anyways there we were before the humans, their technology pitiful against those gathered from our slaves, their faith non-existent before our mighty miracles. In truth we were only correct about the former despite the heavy restrictions placed upon their use by our lord god who believed it would make us break apart.

They were like insects to us and fell like droves against our initial bombardment of their militaries and governments. In a few hours they had wholly surrendered to our power.

Now the only thing left was the indoctrination, a fairly easy task, or so we had thought, however we recoiled as if bitten by a venomous slither on trying to convert them.

We should have noticed it when the more zealous ones had started the suicide bombings, entire families and communities killing themselves in the vain attempt to stop us. Not that it mattered when we had miracles to restore ourselves and the technology to repair. Then followed riots, suicides, mass rebellions, we got worried.

Maybe these primitives still had some of their faith left, not that it mattered to us for our lord obviously more powerful was with us in our venture to challenge any remnants of a foe that may arise.

What we were not prepared for however was the sudden influx of powerful entities rising all around us, awakened through the presence of inchor and the desperate prayer of billions of humans.

In hindsight maybe if we had only brought our technology we would have easily won and erased this species' memories and indoctrinated them. But alas we had also brought inchor, the damage had been done and now doom was upon us.

Doom indeed for what had happened was literally impossible. But then again wasn't it also true for the previous two cases? We had then realized that we were lucky.

You see in most verses deities and believers often waged wars with one another eventually resulting in a singular dominant faith with all others crushed under and long forgotten with scraps remaining as myths but not true faiths. That was the norm.

The humans did have dominant gods amongst their majorities but despite some turning into myths there were still many religions, heck how could we have known that there were also practitioners of polytheism? And the monotheists? Damn did they know how to make powerful gods, most worlds had dominant gods of a singular element, fire, water, sky etc or that of a celestial object or abstract concept like sun or hope but how could we have known that the human gods were Lords of the Universe? That was a whole other level of power!

Which is why despite the lesser numbers of the humans compared to our million worlds streaming with faith they had powerful gods.

The three Gods of the West and parts of the East were heavy hitters unlike any other, bestowing one miracle after another and unimaginably powerful, almost invulnerable, being able to see and know from any distance on earth. They were the tanks with the greatest concentration of faith from the earth's populace, but to add to our woes they weren't the end of it.

Gods of lesser power as a result of lower numbers of faith but with such knowledge, wisdom and ingenuity dwelled in the majority of the East, entire pantheons that had survived the purge of the old world with knowledge of science and technology so advanced that it made our slave races look like children in comparison, building superior spaceships that were better in every way than ours, weapons that made plasma guns and laser technology look like toys, machines far more advanced than mortal mind could comprehend, there were also gods that were experts on fighting and martial prowess and gave their devotees great strength capable of making natural disasters on a whim, and even one that was so powerful and most concentrated in faith that its psionic powers could literally command the very fabric of reality and bring suggestions from the ever neutral Supreme, it could even bestow mortals with its powers.

Then there were strangely 'evil' creatures unlike any we had ever seen, less powerful, antagonists for some of their gods but mostly the three. Lord! They even preached faith for their antagonists! Their very evil nature and desires and no one stopped them. How?
Finally there were minor gods and even some remnants of ancient spirits from small cults.

At that moment we had understood that our days were numbered. For when these superior entities had learned of our god's wrongdoing they were absolutely vengeful, so vengeful that the word wrath itself couldn't be described.
They had seen a common enemy with a power that could continuously hurt them so despite their differences they joined forces with one another, gathering their delighted devotees under one banner, ridding themselves of their old ways.

Some of us escaped but it was for naught for you see they followed us with their united superior powers - mystical, technological, martial, psionic. Empowering their sentients with their very being and nature and giving them the knowledge and technology that surpassed a thousand worlds.

It was the end for us, no one believed me when I first spoke of it, none could believe that their beloved god had been eradicated, but that it was a test of our faith. They labelled me as a mad heretic and sentenced me to eternal imprisonment.

Fools!

I can see so very clearly the destruction of our remaining world as the emerald skies of our home world turn black - an eternal night, an eternal dark.

I hear the cries of my people as they seek mercy that they won't receive - a false hope, a delusion, pleas of the damned to deaf ears of the divine.

I lose hope and my mind has almost succumbed to madness as I write this final note in my prison cells as I look out the open windows.

The dark skies are full of lights of every colour imaginable, ships of a thousand species whose foundations we had stolen, reinvigorated by the deities of the humans, some converted by the Three others given the choice between faith and faithlessness by the Enlightened One and the Learned and the Shining.

We had lost our war, no it was already lost when we found their world and brought our miracles to prove our faith.

We fell out of arrogance and fell out of faith.

For a stupid dead god.

It was no war but only slaughter.

For what good is the power and might of one god?

When the humans have millions?
-------------------------------------------------------------
Thank you everyone for reading. This was my first hfy story so I hope you enjoyed it. 