[OC] Farm Boy, From Out Of Town
Mc_J4K3
Mama Beckett always tells me to mind my manners, even when it's just the two of us at home for dinner. Every time I went to ask her why I had to mind my manners all the time she told me that "One day you'll meet some girl that'll make you wish you were more of a gentleman, baby". How can I be a gentleman and her baby at the same time? I didn't get it. So I took her advice to heart and kept waiting for that 'one day' to come on around. I think today was the day she was thinking about when she said that.

During my first day at middle school, or junior high, or whatever you wanna call it. Being a seventh grader isn't all that easy, y'know? You have to get up a lot earlier to get to school on time, you had to do a lot more homework and stuff, but it was all worth it by the time I got to Wood shop. See, as a seventh grader, I can do what these guys call "Elective" classes. I can choose to do whatever class I want, how cool is that! So, a few of my friends were thinking about taking both artsy type classes and wood shop, so I signed up with them.

So I was there, all quiet like because that mean-butt of a teacher decided to split up everyone into this "assigned seating" nonsense. I was drawing a picture of a castle up on a cliff side with dragons and monsters and tanks all around it. I like this sort of fantastical stuff, and tanks are pretty cool, too. It was all going just fine and dandy until I noticed someone had sat next to me, they spoke up at one point, "Hey, whachya drawing?" I slid the person the picture so that they could look it over or something, y'know? I just did the thing. The person giggled and said that it looked real cool, and that I was a good draw-er. I looked over at them and... And uhh... They were a girl.

Now, being a very high class citizen like myself and my buddies were, we didn't talk to girls very much. Heck, we haven't had a girl in our group for ages! So when I saw her for the first time, I blanked. Not a single thought went through my head. Zero brain activity was being held. I saw here blonde hair, tied in one of them things... Braids? One of them things on the back of her head that looked like rope weaved together, y'know? I saw her hair, I saw her smile, complete with braces, too! And I saw that she was wearing a mighty nice pink-ish dress thing. Not like a formal formal dress, like a dress that you can go out and walk with in the summer time, y'hear?

Using some delicate measures, some precise timing, and other elusive methods of communication, I was able to conjure up a single sentence: "...Hi." Bingo! She loved it! She giggled and covered her smile with a hand all dainty like. This girl was magnificent! Oh, no, not magnificent, isn't that a bad guy in a movie? That's Maleficent? Same difference. This girl was cool! We spent the next while talking because the teacher wanted us all to be introduced. Instead of going around and talking to the guys, I stuck around and spoke with the young lady. Her name was Claire. Pretty name for a pretty girl, huh? I can't really remember what she was talking about or all that, but I do know that her voice was as pretty as she was!

After school I went on home to talk to Mama Beckett about her. I thought that this Claire girl was pretty sweet and I was thinking about maybe asking her out at some point, y'know? Sure, the guys might think it weird to be so sweet on a girl that I just met, and some of the other friends might call me weird for taking an interest in girls, but I've always been considered a gentleman, and I'll carry that title to the grave!

Mama Beckett was super happy with me, she made all sorts-a comments about how she needed to clean up the house if I was going to have a girl over, so I helped her out just a tid-bit after my homework was done for the day. We talked about logistics and stuff, how I could just walk home with Claire if she said yes, and how I can just go on over and maybe hang by the park for a little bit. I just had to be careful to be out of there in no more than half an hour, that's when the High School kids got out and would go smoke some cigs. The two of us made an agreement that I'd help Claire out no matter what, to be the nicest of gentlemen to her so that she would feel welcome and perfectly safe walking home with me! Mama Bee kissed me on the cheek before she sent me to bed that night, things would hopefully liven up from then.

And liven up they most certainly did.

Things weren't too special up until lunch break; however, I did manage to sneak in and grab the locker next to Claire's is at! I spent some time eating with friends and before I knew it, I had tracked Claire down. She was sitting with a few other girls, eating and laughing and having a good ol' time, by the looks of it. The teachers came 'round to gather all of us up and take up back to class, so I bolted as quick as I could to talk to her. Claire was happy to see me, it seemed to me that her friends were leaving the two of us alone, and I remembered the words of a good ol' guy I knew once: Mister Mike always said that 'Chivalry is not dead, it's only hiding." and I had to be the kid to bring it back!

"H-hey there, Claire." I could feel the blood gushing to my cheeks already, I didn't have that much time before I started blushing and then she'd have me figured right out! I knew I had to get the point across soon. "I was just wondering something, I saw you during lunch and..." My voice trailed off.

I heard her giggle next to me, my blush must've already been showing! "It's pretty nice that you came on over for a chat, what's up?" Good, she didn't know... But I don't know if I can. "You okay there? You're cheeks are red..."

That line got me into a new pit of awful, I was panicking for a split-second there before I remembered a trick that I had. Whenever the TV wouldn't work, Mister Mike hit it, so I slapped my cheeks with the palms of my hands and took a deep breath.

I turned over to face her, stopping and letting some other kids pass us by. I smiled enough to let my teeth show and she did the same, showing her little braces. I sighed, took her hand and laughed. "Can I take you on a date sometime, Claire?"

And I'd be amazed if I'd ever see a girl happier than she was in that moment. Tears were welling up in her eyes, too! At first, I was worried I'd done something wrong, but Mama Bee got like this when great stuff happened, so I decided to let it slide. She nodded and said yes! We hugged it out, a few of her friends were giggling over in the corner, but I doubt that Claire heard them, she was too busy crying it out. I told her my plan and she was alright with it, she just needed to let her family know that she would be out and about on a date.

I could hardly wait until school ended after an event like that, y'know? I doodled away on my desk, on my homework, and I wasn't even tempted to talk with any friends because I was just too happy with how things were going. So I walked over to her class when the bell rang and saw her on the phone with someone. She told me that she borrowed the teacher's phone to call home to let her family know, ain't that sweet? With that, we were off on the walk home.

It was after we'd gotten some distance from the school that I noticed how cute this Claire girl really was. She had a yellow casual dressy thing on today, Mama Bee told me it's called a Sundress or something, I dunno. She had her hair down since I asked her out, and she looked pretty darn cute with that, too. We went down the roads hand-in-hand for awhile until we got to that park. We sat there on the benches, laughing an' talking. We ran around with each other, and she timed me while I climbed up a tree. I had a real nice time. That was, until I heard some cars comin' up the road. High schoolers. They came up and over the hills to reach the park, and they were loud, real loud. Blasting stupid music, yelling at each other, trying to be the loudest it seemed, and then the smell of the cigarettes made me mad. I looked over at Claire, who looked worried, scared of the high school kids, so I smiled at her and told her we'd be leaving.

On our way out, one of the guys grabbed my arm and spun me around. He was ugly, missing a few teeth didn't help his complexion much, either, "Hey, shorty!" He yelled, it hurt my ears, "Out on a walk on the town?" I worked my way out of his grip and continued walking. "Hey, shorty!" He called out, and I felt something hard hit the back of my head, I fell to the ground, dizzy. "We're talking to ya, shorty! Whachya doing out in these parts? Don't you know it's where the high school kids play?" They all laughed. And laughed. And laughed and laughed and laughed. I was doing my best, but I was losing patience with those hooligans. They were loud, obnoxious, and downright rude. I picked myself up, dusted myself off, and offered Claire a reassuring smile.

I turned around and faced the guys, "Don't worry, we'll be getting our of your hair now. I'm just on a first date, that's all. Wanted to show her the park." The guys stared at me and eventaully busted out laughing. They kept on laughing for awhile, long enough for me to grab Claire's hand and get a decent lead on them out of the park.

She was more confused than anything at this point, "Clark? What's the matter? Did they hurt you?" She was geuniely worried, it looked like.

"Nah, Claire, I'm fine. It's just the noise those guys made. They were really rude, too. But I'm not hurt, don't worry. You don't have to-" I heard a loud crack, and something small but quick hit the back of my head. A BB, probably. Claire looked real scared right then, but I worked my way out of her grip and wrapped my arm around her shoulder. She was my anchor, holding me down. "Let them, Claire. I'll be fine. It's just a little BB gun."

"Hey Shorty! You and your little girlfriend should remember to leave this place to us, got it?!" Another crack went off, I was able to move my hand quick enough to block the impact, though. They wouldn't hit Claire today, not with that stupid thing. I waved them off and Claire and I continued our little date.

Mama Beckett was mad when we got back. She had been worried, she said that she heard the cracks and thought that the High school kids did something reckless. I told her to not worry a bit, that I kept Claire safe. Bee was happy with me, then.

The rest of the evening turned out real nice. I laughed along with Claire and Bee at out general conversation, and we had a great time. She called her family a little before sundown to make sure that they could come pick her up, she didn't want to run into those high school kids again, for good reason.

After we waved her goodbye, Mama Beckett took a minute to look me over. A grave expression was on her face after that. "They hurt you, Clark?"

"Nothing too bad, Beck." I felt her pluck the back of my head, it stung a little bit, but it was more refreashing than anything else.

She nodded, "Anywhere else?" I showed her my back of my hand, she was able to get that darn bullet out of there eventually. She said they were like little hubcaps once my body had started healing and stuff. I laughed. We placed the two bullets in the sink and I went off to bed.

_________________________________________________

[Patreon](https://www.patreon.com/Mc_J4K3?ty=h)

[Twitter](https://twitter.com/Mc_J4K3)