The Weight We Carry Ch 14
RegalLegalEagle
Every time I sat down to write this week I got interrupted so this chapter took a bit longer than usual. But, it's all done now! Also the last chapter of MoC 88 has now rolled over into the Reddit archives. It really doesn't seem like it's been that long to me but time never stops moving forward does it?

[My Stories](https://www.reddit.com/r/HFY/wiki/authors/regallegaleagle)

[My Patreon](https://www.patreon.com/user?u=2300449&alert=1&ty=h)

[Previous Chapter](https://redd.it/4b1zbo)

[Next Chapter](https://redd.it/4c3y0v)
__________________________________

Fort Sierra, former Missouri, 11:23am local time December 21st, 2034

From time to time I wondered if Earth was unique as far as Unity conquests went. Theyd been swift in the initial invasion and had an easy time hitting military bases and government installations, but they left so many structures standing that it wasnt really an issue to hide and house resistance forces even this close to their capital. The Lake of the Ozarks had been a pretty well developed resort spot for years. Camp Golf was really only chosen because it was central to the other camps we had set up around the lake. Not because it was the best spot.

Then again all my officers would argue that whatever their post was, was the best post. Except for Lieutenant Piven. All he did was bitch and complain about being set up on Mt. Rocky. But as I told him, every time I talked to him it seemed like, he was up on the mountain because artillery is set up at high points. Not gulleys and valleys. Never stopped him from complaining. Though I think it was mostly just reflexive for him. Whenever it was time to work he was professional of course. So I let it slide. Not like I had a choice of course. Artillery officers were in short supply.

Today I was taking Lewis over to Fort Sierra, and more specifically the CP at Camp Lima. Captain Hatchet based his Hunters here. Sort of the resistance special forces more or less. While I kept a core of regulars at Camp Golf we trained up militia here across the road. Some we kept for our own ranks, some we sent back to their own resistance strongholds across the region. We were fairly light on officers these days so Captain Hatchet oversaw things, but the day to day was run by various NCOs. Though maybe that wasnt any different from before the invasion to now.

So, Captain Hatchet. I heard a lot about him growing up. But dealing with him over comms he seems Lewis trailed off as we turned off the 54 to head out to the old four seasons village that was the heart of Fort Sierra.

Sane? Yeah you probably heard the mixed stuff like most people. The militia talk about his raids and how hes a one man army. Chopping alien heads off with his trademark hatchet and all that. Then you hear from the Unity that hes a dangerous psychotic who beheads innocent humans for collaborating, and you think this is an unhinged individual. But no, hes just a normal guy. Good combat leader, but hes not an administrator. Thats why I have him train troops but leave the intel work at the HQ to Reed and Nguyen. It wasnt just that he didnt like it, but he honestly seemed to be terrible at paperwork. I had to give him an orderly just to write his reports for him.

So he was special forces before the invasion? I laughed even though everyone assumed the same thing. Lewis looked surprised. No? I shook my head.

No. Look I can see why youd think that. You hear about how amazing he is and his kill count and all that. But I knew special forces guys from before the invasion. You have to understand that special forces were the best of the best. They meant that. They wanted the absolute best, most physically fit men this country had to offer. And they had to be smarter than your average grunt. But mostly it was being fit that set them aside. Its like professional athletes. Its the top 1%. But on top of that you have to want to become a special forces. Its not like theyd say hey you look strong. Why not try out for the Rangers? They only wanted people who came to them. You had to know what to do with your body, and be confident. So, who typically is very fit, and very confident? For better or worse?

Lewis looked confused and I realized he probably wouldnt know. Jocks. I filled him in. Sports nuts. Guys with testosterone oozing out of their ears for the most part. Mostly they were good guys when they came out of training or served for a bit. But there were plenty of assholes who knew they were elite and didnt let regular army forget it for even a second. There were of course some exceptions, but the exceptions just proved that the rest were jocks. And they most certainly were not theater majors.

Captain Hatchet was a theater major? Lewis asked, obviously surprised which made me laugh again.

To be honest I havent verified that. But he knows waaaaay too much about theater and acting and movies and all of that. He can name every director from like every movie that came out in the 30 years leading up to the invasion. Maybe not. But a lot! And all these actors Ive never heard of who were big in plays, and stage performances. But practically no knowledge of football, baseball, or hockey. There is just no way that guy was special forces. And he never claimed to be either. He just showed up 10 years ago with his hunters.

Lewis frowned at that. What do you mean he just showed up?

You have to understand 10 years ago we werent nearly as organized as we are now. Wed spent 5 years just barely surviving. Let alone reorganizing. I had just gotten the dam operational and set up a few recon posts. Beholder was just getting online. I had heard of the hunters through reputation. But it wasnt like we were talking. He had formed a band of military resistance and militia in the South West somewhere and killed his way through the country till he got here. I convinced him to come back into the fold instead of attacking Unity forces chaotically like he had been and weve worked together ever since. It seems normal now for him to obey me as a superior officer but there were some officers out there who didnt really want a return to a command structure. Hatchet just started following orders like there had never been a break in the command structure to begin with.

Lewis nodded then as he began to understand Hatchet a little better. Truthfully I was lucky to have him. We were entering Fort Sierra now as he flashed his lights to counter sign the sentries hidden in the old bank next to the road. Fort Sierra was really the entire point, not just the old village but each section had its own designation. Most of the troops in this area were camped out at Camp Romeo around the old racquet club tennis courts. Though most of the condos and vacation homes in this area served some purpose for the resistance. This close to the fort and away from the main highway we were more or less out in the open.

The old golf courses that littered the ridges in the area were home to a number of bunkers, foxholes, and M8820s under camo netting. The M8820 was actually a post invasion creation. We had become reliant on missiles and rockets for most of our anti armor and anti air needs. So when we lost our country and most of our military infrastructure it was hard to take care of Unity armor or their low flying craft like the Cuttlefish. Instead we looked back in the history books and some engineer created the what was essentially the 8.8cm Flak 41, but new and improved. So some asshole called it the 88 2 point oh. And then it became the M8820.

They were versatile and easier to resupply than a missile battery. Despite living in a conquered nation we were still able to produce small amounts of ammunition for small arms, howitzers, and our new flak cannons. I wondered how many of our hidden munition plants had once been operated by criminals, or those nut job militia types. Either way they were useful now. Though we didnt have any around here. The Lake had been strictly residential and resort focused. Nowhere to hide machine shops capable of that sort of thing.

Lewis stopped us in front of the lodge turned CP and we got out heading up just as Captain Hatchet was walking out, saluting me before he spoke. Colonel its so nice of you to stop by. Its not every day the brass comes to inspect my little fort.

Hardly. Captain have you met my OTC Lewis? I returned his salute and then waved Lewis forward who saluted to the Captain. I wanted to laugh a little. Here we were in occupied America after 15 years and still we stopped to salute each other. Hatchet returned the salute before extending his hand which Lewis shook.

I have not met him in person though weve been in touch over coms and what not. Good to meet a future officer of the resistance. Im glad someone is thinking to our future. He directed that at me and I just nodded. So, what does bring you two here to my fort?

My fort. I corrected him. You just look after it for me. Hatchet grinned and laughed at that. He was a good looking man. He had the sort of rugged chiseled features that would have made him popular in Hollywood, were that still a place. I wasnt quite sure how old he was. I wanted to say late 30s early 40s but hed looked like that when I first met him 10 years ago. Bastard just never seemed to age. I came by to show Lewis more of the fort and to observe you and your hunters a little. I heard you had some training planned for today.

Hatchet nodded. Yes, sir. We were planning on crossing the lake and killing some aliens in the Caribbean tonight. Nothing much till then though. Usual PT and inspection.

Thats fine. I said with a nod and saw Lewis confused look. Up the lake a bit is an old bar and grill. Coconuts or something, had a Caribbean theme. Weve turned it into a mock Unity post for drills. He nodded at that then while I looked back at Hatchet. So, where are your hunters now?

He checked his watch then. Likely sleeping. Were mostly a nocturnal bunch after all. Typically we get up at the crack of noon.

Right well I suppose well just have to raid your CP for some grub while we wait. Any issues with the M8820 batteries? I havent had any part requests. Youre keeping up on the crews to keep the maintained I hope?

Of course Sir. Weve just been lucky that we havent needed to replace anything just yet. Lack of use helps of course. Not like we can run live fire drills with those cannons so close to the Unity capital. But we do what we can. He was leading us back into the lodge when I stopped. What was that strange humming in the background.

Do you hear that? I asked and the other two looked at me just before a runner came sprinting out of the old lodge.

Sir! Hostile Cuttlefish over 54! Headed this way! Beholder just spotted it flying lower than any Unity craft weve seen before!

Fuck me. I muttered. Get specialist Linden on comms now! We need her birds in the air to knock out any Unity drones! Has Camp Golf already started jamming their signals?

Yes Sir but they said theyre seeing signals on spectrums the Unity havent used before!

What about the roads? Are Unity armored units on the road? The runner shook his head.

No, sir.

What about additional air units closing in? I tried.

No, sir. Just the one cuttlefish. That made me frown. Was this an attack? If so where were the other aliens?

Colonel we need to get the air raid siren going and get everyone up. Now. Hatchet mentioned but that just made me frown.

What if they dont know were here? They might just pass over us. That humming was getting louder where had I heard it before? The farm! Was this related? Fuck we cant risk it. Sound the alarm. All batteries are weapons free. Wheres your comms station? He lead us into the building then as the runner moved off, likely to warn other officers. I could hear the air raid siren starting up just as we crossed through the old lobby and into some of what used to be the offices for the resort itself. Now there were a number of soldiers huddled around computer screens and radios. I need a line to Camp Golf.

A staff sergeant looked back at me and then handed me what had to be an old gaming headset. And not a good one either.  I looked at the gaudy bright neon set for a moment until the staff sergeant just shrugged. I pulled it on without any other options and spoke up. Camp Golf this is Raven Actual. I need sit rep. How copy?

Raven Actual this is Rhino Actual. Solid Copy. Raven Actual Beholder sighted hostile Cuttlefish over MSR 54 approaching your location. But negative troop movement on all MSRs and ASRs in region.

Solid copy. Rhino Actual was Major Reed. To avoid people picking the same sort of thing or any conflicts I had picked callsigns at random. Just luck that Reed was Rhino. Interrogative do we have condors in air?

Condors out now. Signal jammers are active. Be advised Readings indicate unknown signal variation. Possible variable in AO. How copy?

Solid copy. I wondered just what the hell that might mean.

Raven Actual this is Zeus Actual. That would be Piven with his artillery. Battery is ready, waiting grid coordinates.

Thats a negative Zeus. No rounds downrange until further notice. How copy?

Solid copy Raven Actual. Zeus on stand by. I didnt want him giving away his batterys position until I knew we needed it. We were going to have to move Fort Sierra if this played out like I figured it might.

Whos the comms officer for the M8820 batteries? I asked and looked around just before I heard Reed over the headset.

Raven, you should have eyes up now. How copy? I looked around and found the screen that now showed the area from up on high. One of our drones. There was the cuttlefish alright. The giant Unity aircraft was approaching us fast from the road. I could hear the blast before I saw the flash on the screen, one of the flak cannons had opened fire. The round hit the hull of the craft just before I heard another explosion and watched a missile streak out from the ship and destroy the M8820 that had fired on it.

Fuck It was all I could say before another 7 flak cannons all fired off within moments of each other. Even inside the old lodge it was damn loud. On the screen I could see little objects flying off of the craft as it began smoking heavily. I was expecting it to retaliate with another missile but instead I could see pods flying free of the main craft. 

All units Cuttlefish is dropping ground forces. Engage and eliminate. That was Rhino. She was likely broadcasting across all channels while I only had a line with the officers right now.

Hatchet. I looked around the room then but didnt see him. Wheres Hatchet?

He went to join up with his Hunters. Lewis informed me. I just nodded unable to do much else but watch. I heard another explosion just as I saw a missile streak away from the Unity ship and into another M8820 emplacement. But just after that was another salvo from the guns which shook the building once more. When I saw the impacts on the screen the craft was clearly starting to trend down, but it was still launching off pods. There had to be at least a hundred Bregnan on the ground already. This was going to get ugly.

Zeus this is Raven Actual. Prep fire mission on Palisades condo complex. Exact grids to follow do you copy? Fuck keeping them hidden we were going to need the help.

This is Zeus Actual. Solid copy. I looked around the room then.

Whos got grids? A staff sergeant raised his hand and I took the headset off, tossing it over to him as I tapped on the screen. Those are Unity assault pods landing just up the road here. We need to evacuate this position immediately. Wheres the armory? A corporal waved me forward then.

This way sir! We stepped out of the offices and I could see more troops setting up a firing position inside the lobby. There was an explosion off in the distance followed by the roar of the flak cannons once more. Two PFCs were heading to the lobby when I stopped them.

You and you, with me. They stopped, and looked confused for a moment before nodding and falling in behind Lewis. The Corporal lead us further into the complex to what had been a massive walk in freezer, that was now their armory. Most of the guns were gone but there were a few left. I grabbed an M1A that might be as old as I was. It was in good condition however which was all that mattered. Lewis, get a radio and get me on the horn with Rhino. ASAP. What are your names? I asked the other three as I began to quickly load two magazines for the rifle.

Corporal Garcia, Sir! I looked him over. He was probably the office type, he had glasses and looked nervous as all hell, fidgeting with his M4.

PFC Hitchcock! The PFC was fresh faced but calm, he had likely been out on at least a few combat patrols then as he looked very steady with his own rifle.

PFC Lee! The last one chimed in and I noticed he was sporting a SPAS-12. He looked pretty wiry but combat shotguns werent given out lightly.

Ready to get up close and personal PFC? I asked and he grinned.

Fuck yes sir! I knew that fire in his eyes. He was the ambitious type.

Well to be perfectly honest I hope we dont. I mentioned and jammed the magazine I had finished loading into place before chambering a round. Weapon ready I walked over to Lewis who had just shouldered a radio and was making sure it worked.

Sir Im not getting anything on this

Were in a freezer Lewis. I grabbed him by the radio then, tugging him to come along.

Can we get back to the truck in time? He asked just as small arms fire began to kick up from the lobby.

Thats a no. Alternate exits? I looked over at the corporal who nodded and took point once more.

Ive got Rhino sir! Lewis said after we cleared the kitchen and were heading through the old resort to get out onto the street behind it. He handed me the reciever then.

Rhino this is Raven Actual. CP Lima is in threat of being overrun. Relocating to secondary CP at Romeo. I need you to take over giving Zeus updated grid coordinates. There was a deep rumble in the distance but it didnt sound like arty. The fuck was that?

Hostile cuttlefish has just gone belly up in Palisade condo complex. Alpha and Bravo are en route from Camp Golf. Incoming from Zeus.

Message to observer. Papa Uniform One Four Niner Two One Three Bravo. Five guns one round HE delay in effect. Target number Juliet Echo November one zero zero one. Five seconds to splash. We were just getting outside when I could hear the scream of the shells far overhead and the explosions in the distance. Rhino began to correct for Zeus and I handed Lewis the receiver.

The runner from earlier was sprinting down the road towards us and I waved him down. The small arms fire was picking up from the other side of the resort now. Runner, inform all units in CP Lima to disengage from hostile forces when possible and proceed north to regroup at defensive positions north of the MSR. He nodded and ran into the building as I and my little team jogged up the road. From the way the Unity forces had landed they were proceeding west towards us rather than east to secure the crash sight. Typical of the Bregnan. Always on the attack.

Target in open! Hitchcock yelled out and I could hear him opening fire behind me.

Suppressing fire! I shouted and took a knee, turning and looking through the trees to the figure out in the distance hed spotted. Garcia fired off half his magazine in a wild burst but Hitchcock kept his bursts short and controlled. At this range I doubted Id hit the alien but I fired off four rounds to make him duck down behind some rocks. Move now!

I didnt want to get caught here out in the open so we began to run more quickly now, approaching Horseshoe bend parkway, sprinting across it and over what had once been the fairway for a golf course. There was a sand trap turned foxhole up ahead and I could see troops coming down the hill from the houses just above to man it. Once we reached them I dove into the trench connecting that fox hole to another one up near what used to be the putting green. When nothing shot in our direction I stood up looking back across the road.

The runner was already sprinting back towards us and I could see a few squads performing a bounding overwatch as they pulled back from CP Lima towards us. I looked over to the squad in the foxhole. All PFCs from what I could see. But one had a SAW. You! Expect hostiles from the old hotel building across the road. Set sights to 150 meters and range it! Hitchcock, Garcia, Lee, you three stay here and cover the others. Lewis we are continuing on to the CP.

I left them to it then climbing out of the back side of the trench and helping drag Lewis up so we could start heading up the hill. Just as we started up I heard them behind me. Target! 200 meters! Open fire! They probably should have waited but I didnt correct them. There was the scream of more arty shells over head and I could only hope Rhino was helping Zeus blow the shit out of whatever remained of the cuttlefish. Thats when I realized there was no more of that humming, whining sound in the background. When had that stopped?

Lewis and I were already up the short hill and passing the buildings the other soldiers had just come from when I saw another squad approaching us from the other fairway on the other side of the little hill covered in houses. They were clearly more organized and I noticed the hatchets dangling from their packs. This was part of the Hunters. Colonel Oldman? The lead figure asked before I nodded. Master Sergeant Stansfield. Captain Hatchet sent us to make sure youre alright.

Where is the Captain? I asked and the Sergeant Major and he pulled out a tablet which had an old Google Earth image of the area.

The cuttlefish landed hard here at the Palisades but scattered assault pods all over this area. Captain Hatchet wants me to secure you and then gather forces to take and hold the Rizzos restaurant here. He tapped on a building which would cut off the Bregnang attacking Lima from the crash site. Captain Hatchet is organizing the hunters for an assault on the crash site itself while Able and Bravo approaching from Camp Golf are going to secure the crossroads of Horseshoe and Bagnell here at the supermarket. He tapped on the location further east.

Sounds good Sergeant Major. Well have them divided and isolated. Consider me secure. Ill proceed to the CP at Romeo, you are free to advance of Rizzos and secure the restaurant. He was ready to say something when there was an explosion just down the hill on the fairway Id come up from.

Walker! Someone screamed out and I turned around, trying to spot the Unity assault walker through the treeline.

Sir, weve got this handled. Please proceed to the CP. I could tell Stansfield wanted to get to the fight and stop babysitting me despite the fact that Id been fine so far.

Dont let me stop you Sergeant Major. He nodded and moved on as he already began barking orders to his squad, leaving me alone with Lewis as the fire behind us began to pick up.

Lewis get me Pufferfish. That was Lieutenant Nguyens unfortunate callsign. But she never complained and I had made it clear I would only draw names out of a hat once so I never changed it. I didnt even remember who added that in there. We were walking through the little cul de sac of houses to head down another hill across another fairway and up to the road on the other side that would take us to the CP at Romeo.

Got Pufferfish. He handed me the receiver as we walked.

Pufferfish this is Raven Actual. Begin preparations for base evacuation. We will fall back to secondary sites once the battle is over. How copy? We needed to get started on packing up all the gear at my little HQ at camp Golf. I had no idea if theyd find it but we had just taken down a cuttlefish and were engaging at least a hundred Bregnan so I was positive the Unity would be sending out forces to investigate soon enough.

Solid copy Raven. Be advised. Beholder has not spotted any troop movements along MSRs in region. Some movement at the quarry however. Shit, Id almost forgotten about the little post at the quarry. Of course they could hear what was going on and while we were jamming regular transmissions they might have a landline.

Understood, get Charlie to assemble and assault the post. Clear out what explosives the quarries have remaining. Take any volunteers to help with the move. Im sure were going to be moving in a hurry. Essential items only. Have any hostile drones made it away? With Charlie hitting the post the HQ would be essentially defenseless but I had to hope we had all their forces in the area tied up right now.

Negative. Condor is reporting 100% casualty rate to hostile drones. I nodded, some good news then. The battle was still clearly raging around us but as we were crossing the old fairway I wasnt even thinking about the danger so close. Instead I had to focus on what was going to happen next.

Understood Pufferfish. Once Condor is satisfied all hostile drones are down get her to begin relocation procedures. You as well. I dont want any intel left behind. If hostile response is slow Ill be back after the battle. If its fast I might not see you for a few days. You know the contingency plans. I was honestly most worried about the little black book in my office with the contact information for all my assets in the region. Shed grab that first.

Solid Copy Raven. Pufferfish over and out. I handed Lewis the receiver and began to jog instead of just walk. Some of the M8820s had to still be up as I could hear one or two of them firing every so often. Pivens artillery was still firing so that meant the Unity forces had clusters large enough to make a barrage worth it. The only reason I was comfortable with what had to be all danger close fire missions was the fact that this was all very well mapped territory for us. When setting up a new battery resistance forces would first grid their nearest strongholds. They were the most likely to be hit after all.

We were now up on the old road that would take us to Romeo and I had time to wonder about the cuttlefish coming in so low and quick like it had. There hadnt been any sort of warning and they normally moved at a much higher altitude. But they couldnt have been here to raid the fort, it was a suicide mission. They were in the area for something else. But what? Lewis hows the battle going?

Uh the hunters are under heavy fire as they approach the crash site and theyre starting to dig in there and around Lima. Alpha and Bravo are setting up at the crossroads but no hostiles have engaged them yet. I wondered if that meant they werent going to run, or if they just hadnt made it that far yet. I knew the Bregnan would almost never run, but thats probably why they werent in charge.

This was turning out to be one hell of a day as we jogged up the road to the old resort buildings around the tennis courts. It took us about five minutes to get from the road up to the resort, though we cut off a bit of time by taking an obvious shortcut path through some trees. Up ahead as the CP, what had once been a proshop and lobby for the resort. Outside I saw a squad of what looked to be militia dug into defensive positions. Hatch probably sent his best to assault rather than defend.

Identify! One of them called out as we got close.

Your CO! Do I look like an alien? Stand down. I shouted back and they didnt shoot at us so I figured they believed me. Walking past the militia sentries I headed inside to the old pro shop. They had cleared it out and set up tables with computers mostly for the troops to use when on break but right now they being used to monitor the battle.

Sir! Staff Sergeant Pearson. I nodded and approached a soldier at the back who had a headset on. He handed me an old military issue one instead of the neon gaming gear I had over at Lima. As I adjusted the headset I looked at the screen. The cuttlefish was settled into the ruins of what had once been luxury vacation condos.

Sit rep. I said and he pointed to the crash site while I heard the various comm chatter coming in through the headset. Someone was still calling in M8820 fire while Rhino was calling and correcting artillery from Zeus.

Zeus is hitting the hostiles here at the crash with good effect on target but resistance is still very stiff. Baker is holding Rizzos here and defending against Unity attacks from both side as they are trying to link up forces from around the crash site and at the overrun CP Lima. Thats right Hatchet used the old terms for his platoons but skipped Charlie to avoid confusion. Able and Dog are trying to advance on the crash under cover of our remaining M8820s.

Numbers? The Staff Sergeant shrugged.

I reports range from a hundred to three. Some units are militia and likely over reporting while Able and Dog are under enough fire to make getting an exact estimate difficult. But we do have a prisoner. That made me blink.

Where? Here? He nodded and jerked his thumb to a door in the corner.

In the basement. Its an Isoren. He dropped alone in a pod just north of here. We figure he was trying to get as far away from the crash as possible but he landed right in the middle of one of our housing areas. He didnt get far. We dont have anyone available trained for interrogation though. Not really a surprise since Hatchet had all his Hunters on the attack.

Ill do it. Im not essential to the current fight. It was a little awkward for me right now. Outside of my HQ I couldnt do much, Reed and Hatchet obviously had a handle on things.

Sir are you sure thats safe? When he asked that I laughed and shook my head.

Safe? Maybe not. But its safer than being out there, and if he knows what were up against we need to find out. I handed my M1A over to him since it seemed Id no longer need it. Id had the rifle for a very short time but I was sure it would get put to good use by someone soon as we pulled out of the area. Lewis lose the radio. He nodded and unshouldered the pack as we moved to the door in the corner while I took the headset off and handed it back to the sergeant.

I wondered if the door was locked but it opened and we walked down into what had likely been a storage room for tennis gear and other such goods for the resort. There was a single PFC down here with a Remington 870 and a scared looking Isoren tied to a chair. The reptilian creature wasnt a normal find for us out on combat patrols. This one had green scales with a patch of glowing red on its face. The skull was smooth so I think that meant it was a female. The flight suit she appeared to be wearing made me figure it had to be a pilot of some kind.

Has it said anything? I asked the PFC who shook his head.

Just in alien talk. No English. I nodded and as the alien looked up at me I stepped behind her.

Well perhaps we should just cut her throat and be done with it then. I gripped the alien by the shoulder and she jumped.

Wait! No no! Wait! I can speak! I figured as much.

Well thats good then. I had a feeling this alien wasnt really trained to resist interrogation. There was another explosion in the distance which shook the basement. So, did you come here to attack us? Did you know we were here?

She shook her head at that. No! Picked up on radio readings. Came to investigate! Then shot! Returned fire. Abandoned ship. Just pilot!

She was a little quick to insist on that. I looked over at the PFC. Was she found with papers or other intel? He nodded and pointed to a table which had been covered with various Unity dataslates and some objects I didnt recognize. Thats a lot of stuff for a pilot to be carrying. What were you trying to find up here?

Resistance. The alien claimed and gave me a nervous look while I walked over to the table to inspect the various items. Besides the dataslates I was familiar with they had what looked a bit like hard drives, and another piece of tech that looked a bit like a geiger counter. But the writing on it wasnt human and I could see it faintly clicking. So unless this room was radioactive it was designed to pick up on something else. I had seen some of what they used before and this all looked different. Not like totally different but somehow more secure. Or more important.

I dont think so. I looked back at the alien then and started picking up various items without really paying much attention to them. Instead I focused on the aliens eyes. They were watching something on the table. My hands slid over the hard drives and the dataslate, but once they touched the geiger counter looking thing the alien looked up at me nervously. This this tell me youre looking for something else.

You know? It gulped then. Impossible! Trail in mountains fresh! Couldnt possibly know! There was a trail of some sort up here?

So you think the trail up here is fresh because its the first time? Its come to visit I was trying to talk in as vague a manner as possible to try and draw out some sort of response.

Of course The alien shook her head. We try to think like Chimera but Chimera thinking like human I was staring at it intently until it frowned. But that makes no sense. Trail not pass through only around You lie! You dont know Chimera! I shrugged as it seemed to figure that out. But I knew more now than I had before. Then the device in my hand began to click and I looked down at it. I slowly picked up the sensor wand and began to point it at each wall of the room. When I aimed it north the clicking got a bit louder.

Battle draws attention The alien muttered quietly. So it seemed to think whatever Chimera was, it was being drawn to the sounds of the battle. If it was up north Piven might see it first.

So what is Chimera? Why are you tracking it? Was it related to that farm you burned? The alien looked at me and then away, finally deciding it was time to shut up I suppose. Maybe it was time for me to actually get into my interrogator mind set, rather than just ask a few simple questions.

Colonel! The door opened before I could do anything else and the Staff Sergeant leaned in. Beholder is reporting massive troop movement coming out of Jeff. Shit, looked like someone had gotten out word.

Alright. Ill be up in a second. I set the device back down and walked over to the bound alien. Im going to find out what you know. Its only a matter of time and pain. If you play this well you can go home. If you dont play it well youll go home in pieces. Even though she was an alien I could tell the creature didnt like the sound of that. I headed upstairs then and waved for Lewis to follow me.

Today had been a very strange day. There was a massive explosion in the distance then that shook the whole building. Either theyd just scuttled the cuttlefish or wed set off something ourselves. That was too big for any artillery or flak cannon. I looked over at the Staff Sergeant who spoke up. Sir, Captain Hatchet is reporting that the cuttlefish just went off. Resistance is dropping and Alpha and Bravo are reporting Unity forces falling back, but theyre cutting them off. 

Thats good. Once were sure all Unity in the region is dealt with we have to pack up in a hurry. Critical items only. Get me Rhino. The sergeant nodded and adjusted the channel before handing me the headset. Rhino this is Raven Actual do you copy?

I copy Raven. Proceed. Reed sounded calm and professional still which was good.

Sounds like the battle is wrapping up but I heard forces are moving south from Jeff. Tell scouts to set up IEDs to slow and harass approaching forces to give us time to evacuate. Fort Sierra is totally burned but just clear Golf out and hope they dont check it. Is the Quarry being secure?

As we speak. Charlie caught them just as they were moving out to assist. No casualties. Reports are still coming in from your neck of the woods but so far I have 15 confirmed KIA. Another ten possible. I sighed as I heard that. It was likely only going to get worse as we figured out where everyone was.

Alright make sure to get my hammer and chisel with the rest of the intel you pull out of Golf. I had made a vow years ago when we were burying our dead in shallow unmarked graves that while we might not be able to give them the burial they deserved that I would carve a star into a rock for everyone under my command I lost. There was a particular boulder in the hills near Camp Golf with 104 stars on the side already, but that was just one of the stones I had worked on. I might need to find another one.

Affirmative. Well see you soon Sir. Alpha has a truck standing by to come get you as soon as the road is secure. I nodded at that.

Also, tell Zeus to be alert for anything unusual. I still didnt know what Chimera was but I wanted him to have some kind of warning.

Something unusual Sir? Can you clarify that Raven? I thought about mentioning the prisoner but decided against it.

Negative Rhino. Cannot clarify. Just tell them to be on alert. Will explain later. Raven actual over and out. Just as I said that there was another explosion in the distance. This battle might be winding down but it wasnt over. I looked over at Lewis then and smiled. This was your first fight wasnt it Lewis? He blinked at that and then nodded.

I guess so. I didnt even think about it. We only got shot at once. I laughed as he sounded a bit disappointed.

Well were not always this lucky. Sorry you had the boring job of being stuck with me. Colonels try not to be on the front lines, so things arent quite as exciting for us. He just shook his head slowly.

Exciting enough. There was another explosion and we could hear the small arms fire picking up again. Sounded like the last of the Unity werent keen on being captured. But that was alright. I didnt need Bregnan prisoners. The pilot downstairs seemed like shed do just fine. The thing about those reptiles, they hated the cold, and now that our nice warm fort had been discovered she was going to be getting a more first hand experience with a Missouri winter. Id see how chatty she was after spending the night outside. I had come a long long way from humanitarian aid missions. But in a way liberating the planet might be the greatest humanitarian aid mission of all.