Terrible Vengeance
British_Tea_Company
You know, I am pretty sure that the guys wearing the tinfoil hats had always thought that whenever the alien invasion happened, it would have came down on us with bigass UFOs and deathrays. Hah. I guess no one really expected that the invaders came from our own world. 

Dr. Ryan Hoxton paced around his office which contained only modest decorations of personal momentos. To be frank, his office resembled more like a second lab, the entire room being covered with test tubes, jars of glowing liquids and even bones and skulls of alien creatures. Most notably was the large map which hung on the ceiling, a map of a massive island which the majority of humanity didnt even know existed. 

Its called Ryleh, appropriately enough. We dont understand *their* language, but we call it that because the whole place looks like something out of Lovecrafts imagination. Tentacles, black waters, indescribable creatures, you name it. We even called the inhabitants Cthulans. They had squid heads for christs sake, that and some scary as shit bio-lasers which made tentacles explode out of you. Straight out of a fucking nightmare. 

Dr. Hoxton gave a slight chuckle as he stood up and opened the bottle of whiskey that had been left underneath his table. 

You see, they had long dreamed of conquering the surface world much like some wild-minded humans had dreams of conquering the stars. When they finally found the ways to survive up here on the surface, they came and struck with their full might. Countless lives lost. Loved ones, friends, family. 

The doctor gave a small glance to the photos which remained carefully prepped upon his desk. His glasses flared for a moment as his lips twisted in a fiendish smile. 

Now, now. I realized something deep within all the hearts of man when we were pushed into the edge, leaving us teetering between survival and extinction. I realized that deep within the hearts of all men, as much as have chosen to hate conflict, we have always loved war. There was nothing, nothing so joyful in those days as mowing down the Chulans with well-placed machine gun rounds. Nothing brought more joy the people and to the boys in the front when we posted images and videos of tanks crushing the juices out of their boneless bodies, nothing more moving than the sight of a desperate soldier hacking them apart with knife and iron will. We were so happy when we finally invented our first weapon of mass destruction against them, so eager to drop enough bioweapons on their civilization, in such vast quantities that much of the Pacific Ocean remains a deadzone. We were happy to send the feed of those monsters choking, their own flesh turning into goo, listening to their inhuman screams. We cheered, we celebrated, as we butchered the last of their kind. Our victory, their extinction. 

The doctor went into a fit of giggles as he approached the cabinet, removing out a vial of glowing liquid. Fiendish smile became maniacal merriment as his eyes shrunk to the size of atoms and gazed deep into eternity. 

Tell me, do you really plan on invading our world? A world which will relish in the slaughter of your soldiers, the desecration of their corpses, and their massacre of your civilians? Will you invade a merciless, cruel, cold, sadistic people, who are only just waiting for the slightest reason to break into barbarism? Will you be the one, who will be ultimately to blame as you find your own children pleading for a quick death as their own flesh begins to bubble and melt? Now. Call off your invasion force,or we murder you all like cattle. Like the Cthulans who now exist only in distant memory. 