Fleeing Exponentially
ascandalia
The word exponential doesnt do it justice. 

It took countless generations to reach for the sky, floating on captured hot air. It took a handful to reach the moon in an aluminum tube trailing fire, then just three to reach mars spraying ions behind us. We reached the stars in the next two, mastering negative energy. Having colonized our empty solar system, we set out to colonize our apparently empty galaxy. As the problems became exponentially harder to solve, we solved them exponentially faster. We reached Andromeda in the next generation, bridging space-time with our first intergalactic wormhole and sending in survey probes, where they found something we didnt expect.  

Far from the emptiness we had grown used to, we opened a gate to a galaxy teeming with inhabitants. Our survey probes bounced from star to star, recording planets bristling with life, bustling stations with ships coming and going. And far from the incomparable enigma we had suspected, the technology looked remarkably familiar. Ships flew in system with ion propulsion, and jumped between stars using negative energy. Inhabited planets tended to be found around our favored yellow suns, with green continents and large, blue oceans. The ships were the same size and general shape as our ships, a point of efficiency for our species size and cargo needs we discovered early in interstellar travel. 

Our hopes were high that we had found a neighbor worth meeting. We cursed ourselves for not giving these probes a message to send, or the ability to detect communication. Once the probes returned and uploaded their data, we immediately set off on our first manned exploration mission. It took only a year to commission and build the first intergalactic wormhole-drive spacecraft. We outfitted it with sensors, filled it with scientists, and gave them state-of-the-art translation programs for every imaginable communication method. The ship was launched and initiated the leap across the gulf of intergalactic space. 

Empty. Everything was empty. Those blue and green planets stripped bare of life. No evidence of the space stations, satellites, or busy shipping lanes found by our probes barely a year before. We scoured the places we had seen before, to no avail. Here and there were ruined buildings, signs of civilization hastily blinked out of existence along with nearly all they built that could be carried. 

We spent years of archaeological work digging through what ruins we found. Finally, we found scraps of text, slips of something like paper here and there on some of the newly barren worlds. After months of work, linguists worked out the sense of some of the words. They were like headlines, and they proclaimed, Theyve returned.

Our people puzzled over these words, debating what it was that wiped this civilization off of the map so completely. How had they stripped the worlds without any signs of battle? Why were there no bodies? It strained the imagination, burned at our conscious. The coincidence was too great. We concluded that the menace, as we had come to call them, had followed our wormhole somehow into the new system, stripping it ahead of us. We resolved to be more careful, to defend the next galaxy we crossed into at any cost. We would not send a probe first, we would lead with our armada.  

We had yearned for peace with a friendly neighbor; we couldnt let this happen to another galaxy. With the full industrial output of all the colony systems of the milky-way channeled into this one purpose, within a decade the armada numbered in the millions of ships, hundreds of kilometers across, each capable of glassing a planet. It was this fleet that arrived all at once to defend our soon-to-be friends in the Triangulum Galaxy. 

To our great joy, we found another galaxy teeming with life; full of planets with green continents, and blue oceans, and familiar ships. It wasn't until after we sent the armada that we translated the next line: "the exiled have returned for revenge."