Declaring independence to the Universe
Thatdude253
Admiral Dieter Geisterhaft gazed at the fleet around his command ship through the walls of his bridge. Buried deep in the center of the ship, the walls were covered in screens, allowing a 360 view of the battle space around him. Many of his subordinate commanders didn't make use of the option, preferring instead detailed tactical displays on the walls. Dieter however, was old fashioned, and liked to look at the space around him, especially for situations like the one he was in now. Approaching the dock at the massive space station, it would be simplicity itself to hand it off to his team of pilots and navigators and attend to other duties. This was, in fact, standard procedure. But it just didn't sit well with him not being able to gauge the approach with his own eyes. With one last look at the station in front of him, and the position of his supporting ships hanging back, he left the bridge, handing control over to captain of the ship. 

As he walked down the corridor towards the recently retrofitted admiral's quarters, he mused on the fuss he had caused when he selected a relatively unknown frigate to be his command ship for the fleet. He had his reasons for the decision of course, some personal, some he shared. His stated reason, the one he had given to the Earth High Command, was that the Earth Expeditionary Ship (EES) Sprinter had had the overall highest crew performance statistics of any ship in the fleet. And while this was certainly true, it hadn't been the only reason. When promoted to Admiral, he had always intended to make a small, quick, and otherwise unassuming ship his flagship. His logic was that taking a dreadnought or even a heavy cruiser as his flagship would be very obvious to any enemy forces, and paint an even larger target on that ship than it would already incur due to its size. In preparation for its new duty as flagship, the Sprinter had gone into dock to receive a whole suite of upgrades. Among those it received was a complete overhaul of its communications equipment, and a greatly upgraded self defense system. Naturally, cramming something resembling adequate admiral's quarters had been planned, but due to space constraints, Dieter ended up sharing a cabin with the ship's Captain. That worked out fine, they worked well together, and had developed a legitimate friendship in the time they had spent in space. 

Reaching the door to his cabin, Dieter walked inside and shrugged off his working uniform, a simple blue over suit that could pressurize and act as a harsh environment suit if need be, and a two piece under suit. Jumping in the shower briefly, he cleaned up before donning his dress uniform and heading back to the bridge. Arriving, he found his security detail waiting for him. He would be disembarking the ship to attend a meeting of all space-faring races. It had been in the works for many years, the initial idea being proposed over a decade previous. The two largest hurdles had been transportation across the vast emptiness of the universe, and universal translation. But with many years to tackle the problems, both had been surmounted. As the chosen representative for humanity, he, alone besides his four man security detail, would enter the station. The Sprinter would remain docked, and that of his fleet which he had brought with him would stay in position around the station.

Stepping off the tunnel attached the the Sprinter, Dieter took stock of what he could see. It was spartan, having been built for the specific purpose of this conference. While the main meeting hall would be well furbished, bordering on opulent, little detail had been spent on the rest of the station. Dieter chuckled at the stark difference. Following the signs in common language developed for specifically for the occasion, and for all future diplomatic communication, he headed towards his appointed booth for the proceedings. While the conference would likely go on for many months, if not over a year or more, Dieter would only be here for the opening statements from each species. He had been given the task, as a military officer, to establish humanity's position from the get go. A proper diplomat was en route, but the his arrival was still several days away at best. So Dieter, the closest ranking Admiral, took on the job of establishing humanity's official stance. Dieter however, had some personal goals. 

Humanity had been a space-faring for a little over a 1000 years already by the time of the conference after their first contact with another intelligent species. Since then, humanity had been fortunate to not have to engage in many full wars. Occasional border conflicts and skirmishes were generally the worst humanity had had to deal with. Due to the generally incompatible biological development throughout the universe, the planets that were conducive to human life didn't often have many other species competing for them. Most human conflicts were with other humans, but on the whole, humanity had enjoyed a peace unlike any it had known for most of it's history. The ability to colonize other worlds had solved most of the many problems faced by humans before leaving Earth. The singular mar on that record had consequently contributed to the later lack on conflict, especially among other  intelligent species. 

The Human-Almazian war 600 years previous had been a conflict of absolutely David and Goliath proportions at its outset. Humanity, still relatively new to space travel and colonization and its many intricacies, had been ambushed by the Almazianslarge, more or less cat-like, and bi-pedalcreatures. What human military forces, both planet based and space forces, that existed were quickly assembled. The Almazians presented, for the first time, a true existential threat to the continued existence of humanity. A string of victories in orbit around various planets for the Almazians early on looked to set to push humanity back to Earth. It was decided by various members of the human general staff that the only chance for victory was to draw the Almazians into a fight on the surface of a planet. Not aiming to play fair, the groundwork was developed for one of the greatest military catastrophes in universal history.

Luring the Almazians planet-side on a former colony world that had been recently evacuated was relatively simple. The bait was a massive string of supply complexes across what would become a 50 mile front, at a strategically critical way point, which, to the Almazians, looked to be an easy objective. Combined with their rapid advance that had stretched out their supply lines to dangerously thin levels, and it was a combination that could not be passed up. Of course, this is what human high command was counting on. Garrisoned with just enough of a force to obscure the trap, the base would still be a nearly bloodless conquest for the Almazians, had it not been bait. 

As was the Almazian way of war, their landing force was large enough to not only take the complex, but to establish their own operations immediately following victory. This constituted a landing force of close to 2.5 million personnel in total, of which over half were combat forces. Upon landing, they came under sporadic harassing fire, designed to keep them busy as they organized. Once the vast majority had landed, and were beginning to assault, the entire 50 mile line went up with hundreds of buried nuclear warheads. Nearly simultaneously, remaining human warships left their position from behind a nearby moon and opened fire on the relatively unprotected, and very confused Almazian transport and command ships. The resulting slaughter in space kneecapped Almazian operations for several years to come. The fight on the ground would go down in history as one of the greatest intelligence failures in the history of warfare, but also as a shining example of how to turn what should have been an absolute massacre into a costly but well organized tactical retreat. 

Humanity had an unknown advantage at this most critical of turning points. The splitting of the atom had been abandoned by the overwhelming majority of space-faring races as inefficient compared to the fusion of atoms. The concept of splitting atoms as a weapon was unheard of. It had not occurred the Almazians that a nuclear weapon would, or did, exist, much less that humanity might use several hundred of them as a method of victory. Following the detonations, human armored forces, properly shielded against the radiological threat, moved among what survivors were left. What Almazian units that still had any numbers or command structure organized themselves into a tactical retreat that managed to minimize further losses. However, only about 250,000 of the original 2.5 million eventually made it off-world. The defeat came as enough of a shock to the Almazian high command as to delay any further operations long enough for humanity to regroup. It also created such a fear that such a tactic would be used again that it was written into Almazian doctrine not to conduct ground assaults unless absolutely necessary. They would not conduct another land operation for the rest of the war. 

Dieter pondered his position as he made his way toward his designated booth. The races were ranked by technological prowess, and given their position in the talks respectively. Humanity hadn't been among the stars terribly long compared to the most senior races, and it showed in many respects. There ships were not nearly as fast, weapons not nearly so efficient, lifespans much shorterthough this was largely due to basic biology and not medical technologyand regard for humanity among other races was not particularly high. Consequently, their position at the conference would not be one of strength, but Dieter planned to make do with what he had. 

Dieter sat back in his chair, fairly bored as the representatives from each race made their opening statements about their willingness and enthusiasm to commit to the to-be-founded Universal League. Humanity would of course be joining, but not as wholeheartedly as some of the other soon-to-be members. Having had varying relationships with military-economic treaties in the past, it had been decided that humanity would be happy to join economically, but any military commitments would be temporary and subject to very vetting. The rest of the members would obviously protest such a half commitment and it would almost certainly raise debate as to whether humanity was fit to join the league. Dieter was here to ensure humanity's goals were met.

After many hours, and multiple recesses, it was finally Dieter's turn to speak. Knowing that not only were the eyes of the assembled races on him, but those of much of humanity as well, he took his time ascending to the podium. 

It is a great honor to be given the responsibility by the rest of humanity to represent them at this momentous occasion. A lie, there had been no real application or selection process, he had simply been given it, but it sounded good. An undertaking such as this is for the benefit of all, and will undoubtedly lead to great prosperity for any who are so fortunate as to be involved. Humanity as a whole greatly appreciates the opportunity extended to us to join this coalition. We are excited about the prospects this opens for us, and look forward to a great future of cooperation with everyone else represented here today. We have been fortunate for the last 600 of our years to be mostly uninvolved in galactic conflicts either directly or otherwise. This has been a new found windfall for us and we have benefited greatly from it. Murmurs began to arise from the other attendees. Where was this human going with this speech? This didn't seem like the rest of the speeches already given. 

However, we have also gotten a taste for our own independence. We feel that while the economic ties the League offers will without a doubt be in our best interestsand we have every intention of joining in that regardwe also have every intention of staying militarily independent. This brought expected cries of outrage from the other delegates. Dieter raised a hand to placate the crowd. It did little initially, but eventually his silence was enough to bring order back to the hall. The delegate for the Chingarians spoke into his microphone. 

Committing militarily is part of the agreements of the treaty as a whole. You cannot expect to have one without the other. What you are suggesting is antithetical to the very existence of the League.

If I may be allowed to finish? Dieter asked with a raised eyebrow. Ensuring no one was preparing to interrupt him, he continued, It is highly probable that the League has much to gain from dealing with us under the proposed stipulations of the treaty, however, it has very little to gain, and much to lose from making an enemy of us.

Another delegate interrupted, Are you threatening us, Human? There was acid in his voice. 

Not particularly, he said benignly, If I may be allowed to explain on the behalf of humans without further interruption, I would be grateful. It is true humans have not been among the stars for long. Many of you have been traveling the stars for 5 or 10 times the amount we have. There is no doubt that we are at a technical difference the likes of which we have never seen in our history. But do not take that as a sign that we can be so easily beaten. It is true that the last thousand years of our history have only briefly been marred by a singular large scale conflict, and that as a race we have become accustomed to peace nigh unheard of before. That, also, should not be taken as a sign of weakness. That is because for the preceding Fifty-thousand years, we have been killing each other at a pace the rest of you have never seen. Take any human today, however peaceful they may be the rest of the time, threaten them, and then provide them with the means to fight and you can be sure that they will fight. Humanity has a history of violence against ourselves that to my knowledge none of the rest of you could possibly match, even if you began violent civil wars today. And yet, here we still are, stronger than ever before. We do not get weaker from war, we get stronger. We learn, we get better, and we come back stronger. So representatives, do you wish to risk such a fight? Because, simply put, when it comes to war Dieter got a fiery glint in his eye, we are better at it than you.
