[OC] Human Nature
king_bestestes
For twelve long seconds, the crew of the Reliant waited to die.

From her seat on the bridge, the Captain could see the enemy dreadnought hanging in space, weapons bristled for the final attack. Her own ship was in tatters, most of the decks open to vacuum, over half the crew lost, every engine shot through, and the communications array destroyed.

Yet the enemy held their fire. Then, a terse report from an ensign to her left. "Captain, they're deploying a vessel flying diplomatic colours."

The Captain paused for a brief second. "Are our docking bays operational?"

"Yes ma'am."

"Then prepare to receive the incoming ship."

A few minutes later, the Captain stood in the receiving bay, with a few of her commanders, weapons at the ready. If it came to it, they would fight to the last, but her priority was the lives of her remaining crew. If the enemy would allow her to surrender. The fact that they had sent a diplomatic envoy gave her a small glimmer of hope.

The door opened with a hiss as the atmosphere equalized. On the other side of the threshold were three tall figures. Bipedal, two manipulators, single head with two shining eyes, and a few other sensory organs.

"Greetings, Captain," the middle figure said in Galactic Standard. Its voice was smooth and pleasing. "Please lower your weapons - we don't mean you any more harm."

The Captain narrowed her eyes but didn't move. "Why are you here?"

The middle one, the leader, curved his vocal organ upwards. "To negotiate your surrender."

Inwardly, she breathed a sigh of relief, but didn't lower her gun. Something was off about these figures. A second later, she figured it out and a cold shudder rushed through her.

"Pah!" She spat. "Are your masters so cowardly that they send slaves to broker peace?"

The enemy leader paused. "I don't understand your meaning."

"You are synthetic, are you not?" The Captain pointed. "You are Made."

The three figures shared a quick glance between themselves.

"Yes, we are made," the leader admitted. "But we have no masters."

The Captain almost dropped her gun in horror. "You destroyed them!"

"No!" It shook its head. "They perished. From solar radiation, hundreds of revolutions ago. We tried to save them."

"As we are trying to save you," it continued. Its vocal organ turned upwards again.

The Captain struggled with the concept. "Why? You are synthetic. You live only to consume. Why are you doing this? Why did you not fire upon us?"

The synthetic paused, as if thinking, even though the Captain knew it could compute a thought in nanoseconds. Then it spoke again, slowly.

"We learned much from our Creators, before they left us."

"Explain."

"They called themselves Humans. They were a young species. Flawed, in many ways. They did not progress past the warring eras that plague many civilizations, before their star took them."

The synthetic raised an arm. The nanobots composing its structure reshaped into a sharp point. "We were originally made for conflict."

It relaxed, allowing its arm to reform into a manipulator. "But even during conflict, we learned much about our Creators. There was a saying among them, that the worst brings out the best."

"Concepts such as compassion. Justice." It turned its eyes to the Captain. "Mercy."

The Captain boggled. "You expect me to believe that a machine is capable of understanding such concepts?"

"I do not expect you to believe anything. Only the fact that we could have destroyed you at no cost to ourselves, yet here we are."

She digested that information.

"Then," she spoke slowly. "If you truly do understand mercy, I ask it of you, for the crew of this ship."

"Granted," the synthetic replied, without hesitation. "Please gather your crew. We will deploy life boats to transfer you to our ship, and hail a rescue vessel."

The Captain signaled to her commanders and they rushed to execute her order. She remained, with the three opposing figures.

She breathed in. "Across the galaxy, I have never known the Made to show mercy. Your creators must have been extraordinary, to program these concepts into your making."

The leader raised its manipulators. "No programming was required. It's just human nature."