Crowning moment
British_Tea_Company
There had been many moments where even the most hardened veterans of the galaxys wars had their mettle tested by great forces. There were many times, where they fell deep into the pits of despair and then rose once more as they returned to the fray. It was today, that they saw their greatest trial ahead of them. Today was not a battle against legions of armored knights, hordes of giant war mechs or even the metal roar of a wrathful dragon. Instead, today was a day of peace, a day of unsettling quiet, and a day where all eyes turned to Earth, seat of the human Empire. 

Today was the day where all things great came to pledge allegiance and swear their vows to the greatest force that would ever grace the galaxy. It was a shop of horrors that had arrived on the blue planet where the humans hailed from. Those that landed on the world included the shining battalions of the Imperial knights, the first and finest of the human armies. There were hordes of alien mercenaries and turncoats who had pledged allegiance to the Empire along. Standing tall among this motley army were the mighty war mechs and monstrous dragons which could lay waste to entire cities. 

The assortment of the Empires might would not be the source of much despair and hopelessness that seized the galaxy. Instead, its foci would be upon the elevated ground where kneeling dragons crowded upon in two unbroken lines. Despair and hopelessness wrought throughout much of the galaxy as a simple procession of simple people walked up through the carpet which remained untouched by the endless armies of the empire. These people walked straight through the tides of warriors, monsters and horrors, all into the audience of a mad god. 

His majesty! One of the criers announced as he took a microphone. Right on cue, the Emperor of Earth made his appearance in all his divine regality, looking proudly down at his armies. The Emperor of Earth! 

There was rousing chair all throughout the massed legions before the crier continued his lines. 

No more! No more is he Immortal Emperor Sephrael, eternal ruler of Earth. My friends, that title does not do him enough justice! 

All across the Empire, every loyal member of the empire let out a rousing cheer as news of victory spread to them. To those who had fought long and hard against the Empires iron grip, it only bought much woe. 

I present to you now, God-Emperor Sephrael of the Milky Way galaxy! May his rule live for as long as our Eternal Empire of Earth! 

There was a initial silence from the newly dubbed God-Emperor before he rose along with his voice. 

My friends, it is not my rule that graces this galaxy. It is our Empires rule that does so. An empire that had been the dream of small men, now made into reality by giants. Humanity has conquered the stars with their faithful allies. In due time, we will reward the service from our allies, and repay the debts to our enemies. As of now, I declare Pax Sol. For those who are loyal to the Empire, come and bask in Earths eternal glow. For those who stand against us, then it will be our light that marrs them... All hail the Empire." 

There was a deafening roar as the entire galaxy chanted in unison. 

"The Emperor of the Galaxy! Pax Sol! The Emperor of the Galaxy! Pax Sol!" 

 