The Age of Man (part 1)
Belisares
So, this is my first post on this sub. Ive been reading for while, and have really enjoyed the Fantasy stories, though there arent to many. I aim to fix that. Constructive criticism welcome.
***

The sharp prow of the longship cut through the sea, silently sailing onwards. The veil of mist that had descended the night before dampened both sound and clothing, and the green oak-tree banner hung limp from the masthead. The oars pulled, as the somber beat of the drum struck out a steady rhythm, echoing across the calm seas. The mist cleared slightly once the longships reached the shore, the waves gently lapping against the oaken planks, as the longship sliced through the dark water. The Great Fortress of Brennaught, capital of the kingdom of man, rose through the early morning mist, its mighty stone walls and turrets appearing far before any other sight of land. The verdant shores of the Lonely Isle appear, covered in scrub and small groves of birch. Small farm houses and watchtowers show amongst the green fields. However, the fields are not empty. tents and banners fly over what once were sheep farms. They bear the symbol of Jarl Harlaus, a dark raven clutching a broken arrow, on a blood-red background. As the ship sails onward, a forest of masts greets the lone longship. The docks slowly come into view, revealing Jarl Harlaus war fleet. The dockworkers and seamen give odd looks at the foreign elven ship, but only a glance. After all, theres work to be done. When the longship of elves slides into place, the Jarl walks out to meet them. 

The tall and graceful elf stares down at the brutish man. The difference between the two is easy to notice, and was reflected in more than their race. Harlaus wore a thick coat of mail, a fur cloak, and sturdy padding underneath it all. The Elf wore a long green tunic, with leather cuffs, and a short cape clasped on his right shoulder. 

He takes a slow look around. I see that my messengers have not gone unheeded. The Regnum will not forget your help. 

The Jarl nods. You know, this isnt all just to honor our agreement. He gestures to the fleet and warcamps. Plenty of thboys lost family on the mainland when the Dominion started its Scouring. Itll be fun to finally see those bastards pay.

The Elf smiles, a cold sight. The castle of Redwater is currently under siege. Our king is stranded there, and has been for the last month. Should it fall

Dont you worry your perfumed head about it. Harlaus turns to the men on the dock, raising his arms. The Fleet sails tonight! Glory and Plunder!

The assembly echoes back the cry, raising their spear and swords.

The Age of man had arrived.