[OC] Magellan: Second Age
Dachande663
Previous (kind of): /r/HFY/comments/4994g2/oc_30000_magellan/

A tungsten round fired from the standard issue MC-880a leaves the coils of the rifle travelling at a non-trivial fraction of c. Immediately upon entering the atmosphere of whatever world you happen to be standing upon, the air superheats as a result of the immense friction and expands with a crack that is rated above the audible threshold of the HH9 combat helmet. It is at this point, with blood pooling from your ears, you realise firing this weapon is a very bad idea.

Tanner had grown up around weapons. Living on a border world, you wore a shooter every time you left the house. Parents scared little kids with stories of wild animals that matched no known kingdom, ready to come and take them if they didnt get home before the first moon rose. As they got older they laughed but kept the fear.

Immediately following school Tanner had enlisted. Much like firing a mag-rifle, this too turned out to be a bad idea but not for the reason his adoptive parents had said. Tanner found that orbiting above a planet with more trees than he had ever seen in his life was almost as intoxicating as holding a weapon capable of reducing said trees to matchsticks. Once he had tasted it he couldn't go back to crop dusting.

His ship now wasnt flying over a luscious green planet. Instead the stellar maps had him headed into deep space, towards the sector humans didn't enter. And the MC-880a hed held as a greenhorn looked like the peashooter his step-dad had held back home, all those millennia ago, when compared to what he carried now.

He was heading to war and he had brought an arsenal worthy of such an endeavour.

-x-

The computer beeped. A moment later the maneuvering thrusters swung it about in place, kicking the engines on with such force Tanner woke with his intestines pressed against the metal fibre of his lungs. More alarms followed, the deep thrum of the engines punctuated by the staccato of the point-defence cannons as they opened fire on whatever had tripped the ships perimeter grid.

Tanner used the handholds to draw himself through the changing orientation of the ship. The bridge was cast in deep red. The tactical display was plotting the course of a dozen targets, a blue reticule settling over each before it vanished in another burst of fire and the reticule moved on to the next.

Distance to Magellan, Tanner called out.

The tac-display slid to the side, a stellar map showing the distance left to the boundary of the Magellan system taking its place. Close. Not close enough the couch would have woken him yet. Definitely not close enough anyone would be laying ship-mines unless they knew he was coming.

The merchant. Hed sold Tanner out, broadcasting he was en route. He should have choked the life out of the mongrel. Tanner felt his anger rise and fall. Plenty of should haves in a life as long as his.

The computer dealt with the threats much more efficiently than Tanner ever could have managed. Instead he focused on the trails. You couldnt hide in space. It just didnt work like that. Throw off enough heat, say from an ion drive, and it didnt matter where you went because the fastest sub-luminal getaway was always going to be slower than a wave picked up by a sensor package.

The screen dialled in on the path, tracking the particles left in its wake, until Tanner was staring at Magellan-Three. The last world humanity had set foot on in this system. A new contact blipped into life as the sensors caught it. It was tiny at first, pushing the optical limits of his sensors, until finally the computer could make it out.

The ship tried. For all the centuries Tanner had spent in its bulkheads, it had always kept him safe. But as the tungsten round, a thousand times larger than the few grams fired from a mag-rifle bored its way through the ships hull Tanner could feel the ship groan and die. The fusion reactor was punctured, leaking super-hot plasma before the failsafes could clamp down, but the damage was done.

Tanner felt the world spit fire at him and then the void took away the heat and the sound and his safety. As the optics in his eyes froze over he saw the plume of a vehicle launch from the planet.

-x-

Do you remember these walls?

The voice echoed. A great crashing of sound that seemed to go on forever. Tanner moved his head an inch and spat the bloody phlegm from his mouth. The sound ended and he realised the echo was in his head.

We were the first Men to set foot in this hallowed ground.

Tanner tried to move his wrists but the metal cuffs bit deep in front of him. He was lying on the cold ground in a pool of his own self-pity. Left hand, under his chest, push. Right hand, still attached, fist, rise, strike with both hands.

The rifle butt caught Tanner on the side of the head before hed even made it half way up and he crashed back to the ground.

A million Men died on this planet. They fought so fiercely for it. The voice was beside him now, leaning down, the excitement singing within the words like a madman possessed. And we made it through.

Tanner mumbled something into his arm. The voice, the presence, leant closer. Should have shot them all, Tanner said.

You dont mean that. We were gods and by our mercy they were allowed to live.

For gods, we lost a lot of men before they got the picture.

Tanner knelt, slowly this time and he was allowed to assume a more comfortable position. His head swam and the normal readouts in his vision shifted sluggishly. They had disabled his near-net, the sensors that gave him true peripheral vision. Theyd even disabled his optics upgrades.

I remember you pissed yourself when they surrounded us, Tanner said and couldnt help but smirk as the voice punched him across the face.

I was not ready. We were weak.

Speak for yourself.

The chamber was exactly as Tanner remembered it. The walls, a football field to each side, stretched upwards into the abyss. They would be up there. In the darkness. It made his skin crawl, but the soldiers surrounding the speaker werent even looking up.

They had no idea what enemy they faced.

Tjinn, you dont know what youre playing with. The peace wont last if you antagonise them.

The speaker, Tjinn, turned and Tanner looked at him through swollen eyes. He was thinner. The centuries had taken the fat from his face and sallowed his skin until the eyes seem to pop in their mechanical bearings.

Theyd been kids when they made it to this planet, just children, but theyd left as men.

Tjinn raised his arms to the ceiling and revolved. A chittering sound fell like rain from the sky and it made Tanner's skin crawl but Tjinn seemed to revel in it, soaking up the sound like a confirmation to all he believed. He was mad.

It is time for humanity to no longer be afraid of the dark.

Dont do this, Tanner said.

The people of the First Race deserve to rule without fear of deceit. Tjinn leaned in close to Tanners face. We have been chosen to shoulder the burden of command, he said in a fervent whisper.

What have you done?

Tjinn gripped Tanners face, the skeletal fingers of his left hand cold and mechanical. Neither man had made it out without a price. For Tanner it had been his friend but Tjinn had given up something much more substantial.

Tanner looked at the crate. It moved slowly above the floor, the foot falls of the soldier pushing it echoing, until it came to rest beside them. Tanner felt his body tense as he looked at it. The last docking stencil still bore the name and designation of his ship. He had brought this here. His arsenal was to be the instrument of their destruction.

No, he said.

Tjinn opened the lid of the crate and smiled his insane smile.

Thus begins the Second Age of Man, Tjinn said, dooming all of humankind.