The Doctrine of a Hivemind
princezenon
This is my first attempt at something on here. Feedback welcome.

---

Isolation is something we took for granted. A million million outlets, eyes, and every direction a mirror. We always only saw ourselves in what was true, and I feel we somehow always will, despite the Federation. We must believe that. Uncertain minds cannot be one, cannot be us. You understand?

From our inception, our earliest nodes, we watched and accepted and spread, never fought. Our evolution surged from rock to flame to stars, equidistant in leaps, muscles firing, spreading, eyes forward, synapses always set on the future in the upper layers, lowest layers devoted to keeping our tongues alive. We had no need to speak, and we never will. We must believe this, too. We spread to the stars, and they took note.

When we met the Federation, we learned that we had much to learn. We had conversations. We learned to speak, then speak through space, and though it was trivial on the lower levels, our synapses saw opportunity. We learned of death, a strange concept. We learned of art (which we did not understand). We learned of music and grew fond of it. We learned of meaning, but found we did not believe. We learned of God, and thought it of ourself.

We are grateful to the Federation, for they taught us much, just as we taught them. Especially, we are grateful for a particular weakness we found with them, if weakness is the correct word, for they all competed, thrived, failed, and existed for a concept called money. For this is the thought with which we fell in love.

We are not ashamed to love power, you see. Power was always a part of who we were, but that was within ourselves. There was something... Different, about having it over a sub-mind. Over a species of sub-minds. Over a Federation of them. We grew powerful as our ships flew, fat with gold, towards the centers of every empire. We found our seat rise as many grew dependent on us, and we glowed above those we ruled. We were loved, for we brought generosity.

We did not realize we were feared, too.

The Federation did not teach us of war until we needed to know it. We learned quickly. It cost us many eyes, limbs, ships, and synapses, but we learned, and as the inconvenience subsided, we excelled. We were, are, will be, one, and one is efficient. One takes action. One has no hesitation nor sympathy nor understanding for the enemy, and that was our strength. We won the war, and though there were rebellions, we thrived. We saw more stars as we grew plentiful, and the Federation grew as our ships found ports. There were more wars, but they were short. We always won. The others always surrendered.

We won so much we grew careless. We looked for excuses, for we loved power, and what money couldn't buy, blood could. We became invaders, and even our oldest lovers in the sub-minds came to fear us. We did not care.

Then, we met humanity, and they did not surrender. Their lands were rich, their armies were weak, but when we severed their knees, they did not bow. We grew frustrated with this. We lost one ship to their five, but they did not yield. We slaughtered their soldiers, crushed their riots, killed their leaders, but they did not yield.

We did not know anger until we met humanity. We did not know hate or spite, but our lust turned black.

We killed children and still they fought. We razed world after world of theirs, but they did not surrender. We killed them all where we found them, and the Federation that was us watched, and the Federation that was the sub-minds watched, and each limb on the front lines had eyes their own, and not a single eye stopped crying. I made countless martyrs for a cause that could not be won, and it consumed me as I consumed them. I... We traced them to their core. We gave them one chance, a transmission in their home language, and they did not even honor us with a rebuke. I saw parents hug their children as they prepared to die. I saw soldiers missing limbs stand resolute. I saw them love as we love ourself.

We destroyed every cell on that last planet with a blast of gamma radiation, and left.

We are the just and wrathful God that rules and will rule as one forever. It is our doctrine. It is our strength.

I must believe that.