30,000 Parsecs Under the Sea. Chapter 2: Gray 17
RebelliousPlatypus
Previously on 40,000 Parsecs Under the Sea. [A threat detected](https://redd.it/48qlrv)


Fuuna Colony
Gray Sector 17

Sven worked frantically. Main power had failed only minutes after the General Alert had sounded. He and 3 other engineers had tracked the problem to Gray 17, nearly two Kilometers from the living quarters.  Theyd hurried down to attempt repairs.  Two had moved to attempt to reboot primary power, while Sven and Abraham tried to figure out why the backup generators had failed.

Gray 17 was in the industrial bowels of the Colony; pipes bent and curled through the sector, creating narrow walk ways as they carried steam, fracking material, and industrial sludge through a maze. Deeper in, hydraulic presses slammed upward against the ceiling as pressure from the mines below escaped. Blow off valves spat steam in the darkness. With the main power knocked out, the only light came from small headlamps on each engineers hardhat. 

You check the overload dampeners? Abraham asked, his upper torso nearly invisible as he worked in an electrical box. 

No, not yet. Sven replied. 

Well, go fucking check em out man. Abraham said with frustration in his voice, You alright man?"

Yeah, Im fine. Sven grabbed his kit and headed into the maze of pipes. He honestly wasnt fine; he hadnt taken his meds in several weeks, the voices and phantom images were starting to pop in randomly at the edge of his thoughts. He had taken his meds for several months before quitting. He felt fine, why should he have to keep taking them? 

Something slammed into the colony, the station vibrated with force and pipes exploded from pressure in the darkness. 

Hurry the fuck up! I want to get out of here. Abraham screamed in the distance.  

Sven got to work. He popped off the cover the electrical box and checked inside, several of the switches had been burnt out. The emergency power had never been activated before, and the sudden demand had fried the virgin circuits. 

Shitty installation. Sven said to no one in particular. The box had a small sub section with spares for a quick switch in case this happened.  

Whispers slipped into the edges of his mind, sentences without meaning, words without definition. Just outside the range of understanding. He waved his hand up into the air to shoo them off. 

Not now. Not fucking now. He said out loud as he popped the new circuit into place, his gloved fingers worked with the finesse of years of practice.   The voices persisted, louder this time. 

Get the fuck out of here. He waved his hand frantically in the air, shooing the voices away. 

A small hum filled the air and the emergency generator kicked on. 

Red Emergency lights popped on overhead, casting tinted light over everything below.

Hey, I got it Abraham! Sven shouted, Just an overloaded relay. 

Abraham didnt respond.

Abraham. You there, man? Sven finished packing his kit and headed cautiously back to Abraham. 

He was gone. 

Abraham. Did you already leave? Sven shouted, frustration filling his voice.

ABRAHAM! He yelled again. Only the hiss of pipes and hydraulics responded. 

Sven checked the electrical panel where he had been working, Abraham's tools were still inside. Wherever Abraham was, he left in a hurry. 

Another impact against the station. The emergency lights flickered, but stayed on. 

A piercing scream sounded from inside the mazes reddened interior. Sven hesitated for a second; he could head for the exit, or go back into the depths of the station to try and help. 

Maybe a steam valve burst and knocked out one of the other engineers? He thought while fighting his fear. They might need my help.  He headed back into the maze of pipes, each wall a solid two heads higher than Svens two-meter-tall frame.  He found himself hyper aware of his surroundings, his heart pounded within his chest, his body pumped with adrenaline. Even the voices inside his head had quieted.

Thats when he found her. Janice ONeil had been a Jr Engineer, and one of his friends. Her body had been split nearly in two. Her blood pooled around her collapsed body, nearly indistinguishable from the light cast overhead.

Without thinking he reached down and shook her. Her head rolled to the side, lifeless. 

Oh shit, Oh shit, Oh shit. Sven said as he backed away. What the fuck. His feet slipped from under him and he tumbled back, his helmet clanking loudly against the pipes as he came to a stop. He closed his eyes momentarily, trying to process what had just happened. Is this really happening? Could he just be having some kind of Schizoid break? 

Something grabbed his shoulder and his eyes shot open in panic. It was Abraham. Bits of sweat and gore dotted his uniform. 

Sven, get up man. He tugged at Svens uniform, We gotta get the fuck outa here. Hamblins dead too. 

Sven stood up, trying not to slip in the blood again as he did so. What killed em? What the hell is going on? 

Abraham shook his head, The Neegee. 

Who? What? Sven asked. 

Demon people. Killers, cannibals; I dont know. The station shook again from another impact, this one larger than the last two. Still, the power stayed on. 

Where should we go-, a screech filled the air, high pitched and predatory.  

Abraham glanced over his shoulder quickly, Anywhere but fucking here, man. 

He started running towards the main entrance while Sven fell in behind him, their head lamps bouncing with every stride.  Twisting through the maze from one corridor to the next; this didnt feel like the way out, but it was too dark to tell. 

STOP! Sven shouted, causing Abraham to halt half a meter in front of him. Theyd gone the wrong way, traveled deeper into gray 17, Were in the Hydraulic area, look. Sven pointed a few feet in front of them, where as if on cue, three high pitched pings sounded from overhead. A column underneath a section of the floor shot up and smashed into the ceiling above. This was the venting system for excess pressure from the mines below. 

Well, thats fucked. Abraham said, How the fuck can that happen?

Motion sensors must be down with the main power. Sven suggested, Youd think that would be on a list to include.

Yeah, no shit. Remind me to call OSHA when were done with this shit. Abraham said as he turned around. Lets go back this way, and hang a left. We might be able to get to the wall and find a service ladder.

With a nod, Sven and Abraham headed back through the maze. As they moved about, Sven became wary. He was pretty sure hed seen the same pipe at least three times by now. Another screech filled the air, echoing off the walls.  

Abraham stopped; gasping for breath. Just give me a second. I cant-he gulped for air, cant-, another gasp, Just need a second.

Sven breathlessly agreed. Though he was a bit younger than Abraham, he hadnt exactly spent a lot of time at the gym in recent days.

*Dont Stop.*

*Keep Running.*

*Youre going to die.*


The voices burst into his head, stronger, clearer, and more unified than hed heard them in years.  He swatted into the air, trying to push them away. 

*Dont Stop.*

*Keep Running*.

*Youre going to die.*

The voices didnt budge. 

Go Away. He said aloud. 

What the fuck, Sven? Abraham exclaimed, standing up. Youre off your god damn meds again, arent you? We dont have time for this shit. Im telling you man, when we get back, Im having your ass tossed in fucking medical. 

Im fine. Sven proclaimed defiantly. 

*Dont Stop.*

*Keep Running.*

*Youre going to die.*


The voices were a chorus filling Sven's entire mind. He looked towards the floor, closed his eyes and grabbed his head. 

*Go away, go away, go away. Not now. Not right fucking now*. He thought 

What the fuck. Abraham gasped. And Sven looked up. 
Abraham was there, suspended two feet off the ground. A large, triangular spear had ripped through his chest. Another spear appeared next to it.  As Abraham screamed and writhed in agony, blood poured from his mouth. The spears wrenched outwards, and Abrahams legs fell to the ground with his upper half still hanging in mid-air. Stomach, bladder and other organs followed suite in the descent to the floor, and still Abraham screamed. 

Sven back peddled. The voices were silenced by shock.
Abraham was thrown against the wall. The screaming stopped and a figure appeared in his place. 

Nearly 3 meters tall and carried forward by a row of folded tentacles; A faceless creature stood with bloodied boneless limbs waving in the air. Svens mind struggled to comprehend what his eyes were showing him. It had no face, no eyes - It was something so foreign, so wrong, as to be out right rejected in his mind.  He wanted to run and hide in the darkest deepest corner of the colony and never come out, but his feet didnt move.  His eyes clamped shut instead. 

Sven. A voice said in his head, a voice he hadnt heard in a long time.  The voice of his aunt, Sven dont worry, its all a misunderstanding. Come here. 

He opened his eyes and the creature had gone. In its place his aunt stood. The aunt that had raised him after his mothers death, Its okay. You had a breakdown at work. They sent you back home so you could get care.  His aunt took a step forward. 

Had he just imagined all of this? Abrahams death? Janices death? The whole attack? His aunt took another step forward.  

*LIES.* The other voices in his head shouted. 

And as suddenly as she had appeared, the figure of his aunt disappeared and the creature stood in her place. 

*Dont Stop.*

*Keep Running.*

*Youre going to die.*

For the first time in as long as Sven could remember, he listened to the voices. He turned and ran. One of the creature's limbs struck the spot he had been standing at a moment before.   

Left. The voices in his head told him, and he went left at the next junction. 
Right twice, then left at the next junction. They guided him. 

Three beeps sounded overhead and a column shot into the sky a meter in front of him. Only a slight surface discoloration differentiated it from the dark metal grates that made up the rest of the walkway. He paused for a second. If he wasnt careful, he would end up smashed against the ceiling. He waited the several seconds for the piece to lower, and ran across. 

He kept going forward, caution forcing him to slow his pace where he realized his body was soaked in sweat.  

Thanks, I guess. He said out loud. The voices didnt respond, but he felt a sense of warmth and gratitude flood his body.

A screech filled the air. Whatever that thing was, it was close. 

He picked up his pace and headed onward. More twists, more turns, deeper and deeper into the station. Around a corner a column lowered, revealing a service ladder behind it. 

Finally, Sven thought. I might make it out of here yet. As if in response - the station lurched with another impact. Pipes bent and exploded in front of him and his only escape route was now blocked by four-hundred-degree steam. He was momentarily safe, however, as the only sound around him was the hissing of steam and the clanking of mechanization. He thought about trying to make it. He might take a few burns, but he thought better of it. There had to be another exit around here. Or at least a way to divert the steam.

Another ten minutes of wandering and hed found nothing better, but the screeching was getting closer and closer. 

*You should have tried*. The voices said within his head.

Yeah, and get fuckin burnt to a crisp? You know why I didnt. He said out loud. 

 His peripheral vision sensed movement; Sven shifted his weight to the side as one of the creatures tentacles flew past him and struck the pipes behind him.

Sven didnt need to hear the voices this time, he ran. The creature cried out in anger behind him and followed. A junction ahead, one left, and one right. A hydraulic pillar shot from the right, forcing him to take a left. His boots echoed against the metal grating beneath him. 

 A pillar shot up the tile behind him, hed narrowly avoided being crushed. The pillar slowly lowered behind him, returning to its invisible home beneath the steel grating.  Hed have to go back, the twists and turns had lead him to a dead end. The creatures terrible cry had forced him against a final wall. Sven had nowhere left to run. Its tentacles reached around the corner, the Neegee was right behind, effortlessly gliding above a twisting mass of tentacles.

 Sven was again face to face with the creature.  The creature flickered in and out of existence as he stared; replaced with an image again of his aunt, her arms reaching out towards him. Her neatly knitted sweater covered with bits of shredded coconut hed loved as a child. A hand reached out towards him slowly. The voices inside his head screamed in protest, and the image began to again flicker in and out. The creature was slowly heading towards him, its dark body seemed to swallow the red light from above. 

Its time to come back home, Sven. The flickering continued, his aunts voice filled his head, warped and distorted. Why was it doing this, the creature could simply charge him and be done with it. Why the game? 

Sven remembered the column that had narrowly missed him moments before. If this would work, hed only have one shot. Sven reached his arms out to the slowly advancing image of his aunt, Take me home. He said loudly. 

The creature slid forward slightly faster, its image blinking in and out of his aunts place faster now.  An aunt that had been dead for nearly a decade. Only one shot at this; he had to get the creature closer.

*NO.*

*STOP.*

The voices thundered in his head. His hands instinctively raised up and hit the side of his head, trying to force the voices out. 
Take me home! Please. Sven shouted towards it.  A little closer, just a little more till it would be on top of that off colored grate, and the hydraulic column that sat underneath it. The three warning beeps sounded from above and the creature stopped; its tentacles pulling back. A column shot up in the space in front of it.  Temporarily separating Sven from his attacker.

*WELL THAT WORKED, DIDNT IT?* A voice shouted sarcastically in his head.

Sven pushed himself harder against the wall of pipes behind him. He had no escape, whatever this creature wanted done to him, would be done.  He closed his eyes tightly. Maybe this was a dream; another schizophrenia induced hallucination brought on by weeks of abandoning his medication. Maybe nothing would be there when the column lowered. The slow clank of machinery hummed in the background and the hiss of escaping steam sounded nearby. 

The column lowered quickly and the creature stood on the other side. It continued forward at an increased pace, crossing over the discolored grate. The image of his aunt no longer flashed - it wasnt needed. It knew Sven was trapped. Its out stretched tentacle only feet away. Another impact suddenly rocked the station and Sven was thrown down to his knees. A pipe had broken off to Svens right and spat super heated steam skyward.  The creature continued unaffected.

Three beeps sounded from overhead and inspiration struck Sven. His gloved hands grabbed the pipe, Sven grunted as he used all of his strength to direct it forwards towards the creature. The steam shot forward, hitting the creatures torso. It cried out in pain as it instinctively back peddled, tentacles shooting forward trying to shield itself. It continued back and an image of his aunt screaming in pain popped in his head for a brief moment. Sven didnt hesitate, as he knew this was his only chance at survival.  The creature slid back onto another metal grate, this one colored slightly different from the rest. Anymore and it might push it too far. 

Why would you do that? His aunt flashed again in front of him, no longer warm and inviting, she stood red and blistered with torn bits of clothes burnt and molding to her body. One eye glazed over white in destruction while the other was inflamed red with rage.  High pitched cries filled his head, telling him to drop the pipe, his grip started to loosen, when a cohort of voices inside his head pushed the intruder out.  

The creature shrieked with rage. The station answered ; as the column underneath  shot skyward, carrying the creature with it. No time even for another screech; just a thundering thud as thousands of pounds of pressure carried this nightmare to its demise.  A rush of yellow liquid streamed from the ceiling, followed quickly by the impact of several severed tentacles on the ground.

As the column lowered, a mass of limbs and orange mush flooded down the surrounding metal grates. 

It was dead.

*Thanks*. The voices in Svens head said in unison.  He nodded in agreement, Ready to leave this hell-scape behind.  
