[OC][Biotech] Statues
Karthinator
[Human Augmentation], but I'm not in this for any of the prizes. Feel free to not consider me for those when choosing. I'm just here to get an idea out of my head.

Unfortunately this is very vague foreshadowing for where I think one aspect of Nanoshield is going to have to go.

[Written to this wonderful Coldplay cover.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EjdR3DVIzhw)

(Also, on a tangential note, given my love for movies and their soundtracks in particular, I'm quite sad that BvS has poor initial reviews. Now I'm not sure whether or not I want to see it at all.)

---

The fall of the Human Federation was caused by the simplest of mistakes, but not one by anyone in the Federation government themselves.

Some would say the riots on Clarity had gotten "out of hand."

Those people weren't on Clarity. 

What those off-world called riots would reasonably be called a civil war in any sense of the word, except that none of the combatants were professional soldiers. There weren't any on Clarity. The Federation had long since drafted the requisite portion of Clarity's population, those with the genes most favorable for the combat upgrades. As such, everyone fighting on Clarity were civilians, family members, with day jobs entirely unrelated to violence. 

Yet people were getting their brains bashed in with the bricks from the buildings in the buroughs.

As soon as security footage of the violence spread across FedNet and reached Centre, the decision was quickly made to drop in the Peacekeepers ASAP.

Spacetime was rudely violated, a wound tearing itself open as a grotesquely angular ship of antennas and bulkheads sliced its way through the gateway back into realspace in Clarity's orbit. Rolling, it automatically oriented its delivery ducts towards the gravity well. Within the bowels of the craft, massive bulks crammed their limbs into the tight cylindrical passages and waited for release. Orders flashed on their visors: 

> \*Remove all humans from the Clarity system and apprehend them for questioning.*

Pods? What pods? Those hadn't been needed for centuries. 

The FPS *Solace of Angels* fired, its payload falling with style towards the populace below headfirst, fingers splayed, playing with the atmosphere's flow through their thick carbon surfaces. Fingertip formation during the descent meant that their atmospheric entry, rather than abusing the atmosphere with individual fireballs, created one soul-stopping razor of night-rending tempestuous hellfire. 

The streets below immediately silenced as the roar overhead grew increasingly audible and the Peacekeepers showed no signs of even attempting to slow down. 

A brief moment of lucidity, and the scrappy settlers dropped everything and dashed for cover as fast as they could, and not a moment too soon. 

Righting themselves with shinguard airbrakes at the last possible moment, the Peacekeepers' arrival to the planet turned the town square into a crater. They landed shoulder-to-shoulder, alternating which direction they were facing. The formation was known on FedNet as the Wall of Law and was feared across human space.

> Citizens of Clarity, exit your homes. You are to return to Centre for questioning. Immediate cessation of hostilities is required.

The message was echoed, slightly off beat, by every member of the line, projected by their helmet speakers to every human ear in the vicinity. Retrofitted cargo shuttles descended into the crater, ramps unveiling hastily-bolted rows of seats.

> Failure to comply will not be tolerated. Obedience is nonnegotiable and will be enforced. Citizens of Clarity, exit your...

The message looped. People poked heads out of windows. Peacekeepers marched ahead, grabbing people by the wrists and dragging them towards the waiting subspace crafts. Soon enough, ragtag lines had formed, sullen souls keeping their heads down, refusing to make eye contact with the imposing enforcers of Federation restrictions. Then one young woman, eyes widening with a gasp, stepped out of line and ran back towards her apartment block. 

> Halt! Return to the queue immediately!

She violently jerked to a standstill, feet flying into the air, as her wrist was yanked higher than she could reach by a Peacekeeper. It raised her to its eye level, visor impassively conveying no emotion, helmetcam accessing FedNet for an ID and attempting to upload an addition to her file. 

She kicked ineffectually, and then, to her surprise, she was dropped. Sobbing, she vainly extended a hand and slammed it against the thing's thigh. It might as well have been a human chest, it was so flat, wide, and upright. 

"Let me go," she begged. "PLEASE, let me go get something, I'll be right back, I SWEAR it.."

The helmetcam recorded her expressions, analyzing her truthfulness and finding her sincere. But orders were orders. 

> Return to the line.

She attempted to get up and continue running for the apartment block. The Peacekeeper stepped on her foot to stop her, gripped her wrist to prevent escape, and tugged her toward the shuttle line. 

She was ripped in half at the waist. 

In shock as the organs and bodily fluids drained her life from her body, she managed one last distressed protest.

"How dare you," she sobbed. "I just wanted my mother's ashes..." 

She trailed off as her eyes saw no more. Then her upper half was unceremoniously discarded alongside the bottom.

The Peacekeeper's head was suddenly 90^o to the right, with no discernible motion at a speed the human eye could follow. Immediately, its hand was in front of its face, massive gloves catching and crushing a brick, yet again too fast for human eyes to track. Dust rained from between its fingers. The helmetcam recorded the follow through motion of the thrower diligently, analyzing and establishing without a doubt that this perpetrator was at fault. As the footage was uploaded to FedNet, both an ID and a clearance were returned. 

Before anyone else could draw enough breath to say another word, a Peacekeeper from the man's left slammed into him, rocketboots propelling a knee into the girl's father's abdomen, turning him into a pink blotch on the apartment complex's wall. 

> Board the shuttles.

Compliance was immediate.

But the Peacekeepers weren't the only ones with cameras.

Within hours, the Peacekeeping system was being criticized from every corner of FedNet, and try as they might, the flesh and circuit warriors of the Federation could not extend their "protection" to virtual places before the damage was done.

The one comment that went viral, albeit posthumously, was simple.

"You say you protect humanity, but you are not a part of it any longer. You used to be, yes. But along the way, surrounded by the darkness of the Peacekeeping suits and procedures, you lost sight of the light, lost sway on your souls. Now you only protect yourselves. #FucktheFeds"

\#RememberClarity went viral soon after. A whistleblower leaked access to the Peacekeeper database, helmetcam footage of their atrocities soon coming to light and the killings of those who had criticized the Feds on FedNet since Clarity were the most damning.

Every Peacekeeper was decommissioned, with research into reversing the augmentations and alterations restarted straightaway. 

Most importantly, the Clarity Incident, as it came to be known, was what made the population of the Federation change from simply dissatisfied to willing to act on their grievances. 

The New Confederation did away with augs entirely, Peacekeeping hardware relegated entirely to museums and schoolyard demonstrations, used as stands to display uniforms of regimes going all the way back to Hitler himself.

The military and police were recreated on an all-volunteer basis, but when the sinuous ships on the edge of human space were finally detected, NC generals had to make the decision to bring those Peacekeepers not yet rehumanized out of stasis. 

We watched with bated breath as our demons faced worse ones.

---

I may have actually created something else that could be continued. I'm not sure where to take it, though, or if I should at all.

[My wiki](https://www.reddit.com/r/HFY/wiki/authors/karthinator)