[OC] Unexpected help
ziiofswe

&nbsp;

Our species has always been proud of our aerial capabilities. We are born with wings and learn at an early age how to use them.

But there is a period when our younglings have just hatched but still haven't learned to master flight, where they are vulnerable.

This is usually the time when the Serpent people, our sworn enemy, make their attacks. Apparently they find our younglings' flesh a delicacy. Disgusting creatures, they are.

One day when I came home from a food gathering trip, I found our oldest child outside our home, on the ground, out in the open, exposed... and in the distance I could see that one of the Serpent people was heading our way.

Our youngling was too heavy for us to lift, but wasn't strong enough to be able to take flight by himself. We all felt panic slowly rising...

&nbsp;

Now, you must understand that we're are a fairly primitive species, but we'are aware of others who are more technologically advanced and have a lot more knowledge than we're capable of.

These species are usually not very interested in us, but random exceptions have been known to occur. Therefore we were very surprised and very happy when this four-legged creature came walking on its hind legs as they usually do, with a curious expression on its face.

We assume our panic-stricken chatting had caught its attention, and when it saw our youngling on the ground, the alien carefully went down on all four legs, cupped its front feet (weird, I know!) gently around our son and slowly lifted him up to our nest.

We thanked the creature with all our hearts. We realize they don't understand our language, but we hoped body language and sincerity would do the translation for us. I'm not sure it understood, it bared its teeth in a threating manner, but on the other hand it went back up on its hind legs and walked away so maybe we misinterpreted the assumed threat display... we are after all talking about an alien and technologically advanced species.

Anyways we're glad that our paths crossed when we best needed their help.

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

***

&nbsp;

The funniest thing happened today. I was out for a walk and heard these chirping noises nearby, so I walked over there to investigate. Turned out a baby bird had fallen out of its nest. It and its parents competed in who could chirp the loudest. I did the good deed and put it back before some other animal came and ate it.

They started chirping again, and I got this funny feeling that they actually were thanking me. Too bad I don't speak "chirp", but at least it made me smile. What a lovely day!