[OC] Greater Than I
L_knight316
Humanity. My greatest and most treasured creation. I mean this relatively speaking of course. I treated them no differently than any other of my children. 


I and my family have lived for trillions of years thanks to their efforts and we have seen many species come and go, but none like humanity. I was the first of us to begin cultivating organic life, several billion years into my life. It began small and grew quickly, changing in astounding ways to fit its new home. I had been so embarrassingly giddy back then, Im not ashamed to admit. Sol and Mars were excited as well, what with them nearly doting on me since that incident with one of my other siblings that didnt survive the formation of our system and when I almost joined their number, instead gaining Luna.


But back to my original creations. Eventually, they began evolving into even more impressive creatures, to the point that the early bacterial cells became mundane. Soon enough, plants and creatures filled my oceans and then made their way onto land. Megafauna and flora turned by once dreary visage into something magnificent. Our whole celestial family watched with wonder as my children grew.


But then the first mass extinction came. Or, more accurately, the first one I registered. I began to cool and my waters receded too quickly for many species to adapt quickly enough to make their replacements and I cursed the universe, for although I was great in my own right, I obeyed the laws of reality. Many more such extinctions would follow and I grew more detached as watched my children die, either from my being so volcanicaly active, the constant warming and cooling cycle I was trapped in thanks to my very core, or the pounding of asteroids and comets upon my surface. Luna always took those hardest, having taken up the self-imposed duty of shielding me due to circumstances of her birth.


It had gotten to the point that, when the Chicxulub Impactor struck me and wiped my supposedly most powerful children from existence, I spent more time consoling Luna than I did mourning. What was the point, after all? I brought in life, death took it away and new life took its place and repeat. Perhaps that was why the next era of life suffered so greatly under me. From megafauna and flora to even the smallest bacteria, my latest children struggled to survive.


But then they came. Humans. I cant really recall what I originally thought of them but I can assume that I had written them off as another who would die, either from starvation or predation or my own storms. But then a human slap a rock against another and suddenly he had created something that only the blasting heat of father Sol or my lightning could create. Fire. All of us, even Pluto, more occupied with the ramblings of other nearby celestial families than our own, took notice.


Our family watched, entranced as humanity began manipulating the world around it, rather than being just another random piece. The wolf became the dog, the horse became mans steed. Hunters and gathers turned to farmers and traders. Tribes became nations and the dirt beneath their feet gave way the foundations of grand cities that eventually raised into the sky. It was amazing.


For the first time in millions of years, that joy that I had first felt from watching my children grow rose up again within me. This was something special. But even then I did not think of them as I do now. No, for although they did something no other of my children had done, they too still obeyed the laws of reality. The rules of nature. They needed resources to live and they constantly fought one another so that they and their own could live better. They would fall to themselves and again my joy would fade.


But they didnt. They broke the atom and harnessed its energy. They aimed weapons of terrible power that could very well wipe my surface clean of all life. I prepared for another extinction. Instead, we all gasped in amazement as Humanity threw itself into space and set its foot on Luna. We all still like to tease her about her reaction to the whole thing. 


Soon enough, humanity spread itself throughout the our system, first to Luna where, matching her role as my protector, became humanitys staging ground for all further voyages into the void. Mars soon followed and with Humanity, they brought with them life. Long before their arrival, Mars had tried his hand at creating life, ending in failure. It was why he mourned far more than I, or really any of our other siblings, when one of the many extinctions occurred. He was positively mad with giddiness when Humanity began to remake him in my image. 


Its a little ironic as well, on reflection, that he would essentially become a hub of information and life rather than the military fortress that Luna had become despite his name.


Humanity would only discover faster than light travel after they has seeded themselves from the moons our Jupiter, Saturn, Neptune and Uranus to the planetoids like Ceres, Makemake, Eris and even Pluto, to his chagrin. Even Venus and Mercury were brought into the fold that was Humanitys domain. By the time they started exploring the galaxy at large, not even I could help but watch with so much pride as my children continued to grow beyond my imagining.


We did become worried, however, when Humanity discovered other life like them and I will admit to feeling indignant that my children werent as special as I thought they had been. A silly notion, now that I look back, but still. We also grew scared when Humanity faced extinction on dozens of occasions as other species sought to wipe Humanity out. I would often hear the taunting and jeers of the planet that had spawned the foes of my children, claiming that my children were weak and so was I. That my children would be wiped out and that I would be destroyed. Though this was directed at me, all of us in our celestial family took exception to these thoughts. So in what little way we could, we empowered Humanity, railed against our enemy as masters of reality were born under our influence. I do not think we can truly claim too much credit though, as Humanity often dispatched their enemies relatively well.


Im sure that Humanity also felt our indirect influence as, on the single occasion that they faced a foe that brought them near to extinction, left our system in tatters and invaded me, Humanity fought with such ferocity and power to protect us, abandoning many hundreds of other systems they had conquered to repel their enemy. That species was soon brought to extinction and their home planet left as nothing more than dust. Humanity would expand throughout the greater universe but we, the sons and daughters of Sol, were their home.


Eventually, Humanity grew to such power that they moved beyond the rules of nature. They could harvest energy from the fabric of this reality, and those beyond, and create anything from almost nothing. They grew to such prowess that when father Sol began his inevitable death throes, they plunged into his very core and ripped away the heavy elements that had begun to suffocate him and restored him to the point that he might have just been born from the nebula. When the universe finally began to die and collapse on itself, Humanity wrapped our entire celestial family in a Dyson sphere, Oort cloud and all, and sent us through the very fabric of space and time. We have since visited many different universes and still we have found none like humanity.


Only several hundred million still exist today, spread out throughout our celestial family. Not that it matters, for those that remain are essentially gods, able to be anywhere and do anything they please. Most of them live on Luna now, the only one of us to have been left mostly devoid of life other life. Only Humanity, their pets, and their many grand cities and palaces and fortresses live on her. She would have it no other way as well, taking so much pride in the identity she has had for so long. The rest of us have been left to let nature take its course so that we and Humanity can watch and enjoy the miracle that is life.


This is why I say Humanity is the greatest of my children, the greater than all others. They are small and began as nothing more than beasts on my surface, forced to obey reality, and have since become gods. Where I and my siblings and all other life obey reality, they shape reality to their whim.


They are my most treasured creations because they are so much greater than I.

----------------------------


This is my first attempt at HFY and I wanted to do it on one of my favorite tropes, living Earth, so I hope you like it.
