[OC] Caged
Dachande663
"I saw one once, in Metzarc."

The crew sat around the table enjoying the few hours of respite from the constant acceleration to stretch their weary bones. Some of the newcomers still found zero-gee a frustrating experience, but for the Captain and his crew it was their default state in the Universe.

The speaker was an Alkrash, the plates on his back rubbing against the bulkheads as he squeezed into the cramped eating area. He still wore the clothes issued to him upon release from the prison on Metzarc and they set him apart from the rest of the passengers, a free man segregated from free men. He'd been quiet most of the trip, just listening to the stories of both the crew and passengers. Weather on the Inner Worlds led to talk of the latest 'wares from Augury Corp. And then the Wai had mentioned the technology of the humans.

It was quiet after that, until Aze, the Alkrash, had spoken from his corner.

"I know you all want to know what I was imprisoned for," he said and the eager faces of his assembled audience betrayed their desire to respect his privacy. He sighed and let his bowl of protein float before him. "I took something that wasn't mine. I did it a long time ago and the Commonwealth is satisfied that I have paid my debt now."

"And the human?" one of the crew members asked. He was a lanky Sillutian with that pale tinge their entire species was known for. In the wash from the ships glow lamps he looked sickly.

"The human was brought in a few cycles after I arrived. He'd done something. Something bad because the guards let him fall into the pit and sealed the doors to the great cage and they didn't come in again unless they had to.

"At first the human raged. It tore at the walls and stalked the hallways, looking for an escape. The mumble-packs tried to take it's clothes or it's food and the human killed them all dead."

"As if," a voice joked. Aze found the speaker and held his gaze until the other man looked away.

"You look at the humans in the old footage and you see worms piloting immense ships. But that weak skin of theirs hides their true nature. The first man to try and steal from the human turned his back on it after taking it's bowl of food. The human didn't scream or shout or issue a challenge. It sank a metal shaft through the thief's skull and took its bowl back before the thief had even fallen to the ground.

"It would come for you, when the planet was in darkness and there was just the sound of the clicks of the Insectile races. It took out all of the mumblers in less than a cycle. It would eat the flesh of it's enemies and it grew stronger in that cage than any man has any right to."

"What a monster!"

"Is it there now?"

"What happened to it?"

Aze smiled his toothless grin and resumed picking at his meal. The faces showed no intention of going away. He had gone from pariah to populist in only a single story. The power of words.

"The human left Metzarc. One day we woke and found the chamber it had claimed empty. After a time the brave and the foolish ventured in and found it deserted. A tunnel. This human had dug a tunnel right to the very shafts that supported the complex.

"The guards were incensed and search endlessly but they never found it. The human was gone."

"Where?" the voices asked in hushed tones.

"Wherever it went, I wish to be as far away as possible," Aze said.