Sub-optimization
StanleyScience
In the decade following the advent of cheap, safe and effective neural implants, many previously "neurotypical" individuals began to experience an unbridled intellect formerly reserved for a select few prodigies.  Quantum physics, string theory, and many other advanced aspects of mathematics and the sciences started to seep out of the traditional ivory towers and into smaller college campuses, and even some community colleges and magnet high-schools.  Society touted the achievement as a "second renaissance", or rather the "true renaissance" according to some.  The benefits of the collective brain-power proved immense as new materials and new methods of construction, breakthroughs in circuit and microchip design, and a dizzying array of extremely sensitive and useful physics experiments began to accrue.

Perhaps it was the magnitude of these accomplishments that led directly to the equally profound existential crisis which followed, or perhaps they only served as a striking juxtaposition.  In only a few short years, essentially the entire industrialized world and most of the former developing nations appeared to have become content with their understanding of the universe.  Human drive and ambition, for the most part, stopped dead in their tracks, with cortex and circuits running idle in endless loops.  Society, now with so much talent at its disposal, began to prize drive and ambition to a much greater extent: it wanted individuals who still wanted to explore and learn, who were not dissuaded by the vast encroachment of understanding upon the mysteries of the cosmos, who were not satisfied (and ideally would never be) with current human achievement.  It appeared that what was needed was an emotional answer to an intellectual problem.

And so a puzzle took shape: how could mankind reclaim its allotment of the aforementioned qualities which it seemed to possess in abundance only a few short years ago?  The neural implants and modifications had worked wonders for improving working memory, pattern recognition, and fine motor control, but they could not easily (and in fact were forbidden to) alter aspects of personality.  Indeed, how did one develop a sense of curiosity and wonder in the first place, and how would one prevent this flame from being extinguished in a sea of existing intellect and invention?

At first some organizations attempted to introduce the sum of human knowledge to children (by this time all of them were receiving the implants) in smaller chunks over time in an attempt to prolong their thirst for knowledge.  For a time, the strategy appeared to work; however it would inevitably end in the same scenario of boredom and listlessness.  It was at that point that organizations began to take more radical steps, including the withholding of implants until a specific age.  Enjoying slightly more success, these experiments could heighten and extend the period of curiosity and wonder, but with the same unfortunate ending.

Perhaps it was only a matter of time before the truly radical step of intentionally reducing intellect was entertained and then implemented.  Neural implants which deliberately attenuated and inhibited neural circuits were employed in a desperate act of society to reclaim the wonder of its youth.  Many protested that these children were being placed at a profound disadvantage, and that it was incredibly cruel to isolate them from all of the knowledge that society had gained.  In fact, the children did often express frustration at their inability to comprehend the full extent of the world around them, although they did not understand to what they should attribute this frustration.

The first cohort eventually had their implants reprogrammed to enhance the performance of circuits, and many individuals let out sighs of relief as the former children (now adolescents) were able to appropriate the bulk of knowledge which they had as of yet been unable to digest.  Many expressed anger and resentment, but upon now seeing themselves as equals and gaining a true understanding of the purpose of the experiment, these emotions faded.  However, memories of the desire to learn and understand had been deeply embedded within their psyche, and in the words of one technological pioneer who lived around the turn of the 21st century, they stayed hungry and foolish.

In hindsight, it was understood that the original neural implants which solely increased intellectual functioning had effectively "short-circuited" some of the other developing regions of the brain.  Children had learned how to negotiate situations and solve problems without developing emotionally and ultimately deciding what they wanted to do with the bounty of their intelligence.  In short, these parts of their minds would almost completely cease development, and so could never be optimized.  With that insight, society began to regularly employ "bipolar implants" which decreased and then increased higher-order intellectual functioning, allowing the emotional subsystems to become more developed during childhood, or stated another way, to fulfill "sub-optimization".  In the end, mankind had found an emotional solution to an intellectual problem.