(Mini-series) Apocalypsis [Part 5]
frankz0509
Here's the fifth installment! As always, I highly value your feedback and criticism.

Apocalypsis is my first mini-series. Check out the first four parts here: [[1](https://www.reddit.com/r/shortscifistories/comments/3vfkjh/miniseries_apocalypsis_part_1/)] [[2](https://www.reddit.com/r/shortscifistories/comments/3vj6bi/miniseries_apocalypsis_part_2/)] [[3](https://www.reddit.com/r/shortscifistories/comments/3vncy2/miniseries_apocalypsis_part_3/)] [[4](https://www.reddit.com/r/shortscifistories/comments/3vt6li/miniseries_apocalypsis_part_4/)]

---

Part 5: Baby Steps
---

"What shall we do, Esmaeel? We cannot stay here in Khuze. Every day, we live in danger -- that is not how we both envisioned our lives to be. The war is ripe. If we decide too late, we might get caught in the crossfire between the eastern and western factions." Hediyeh put her husband's hands in between hers. "Esmaeel?"

Esmaeel ran his fingers through his hair, and then put his face on his palms. "I do not know, joon-am. Allah help me, I have no idea."

Hediyeh stopped to think. She stood up and went to a window, pulled the curtains slightly apart, and looked outside the window. "I have cousins in America. Inshallah we might be able to take refuge there."

"And have us branded as kuwwana? Traitors? How might we live in peace?" Esmaeel's face was dark with terror. Clearly, to turn their backs on their country is out of the question. Or at least it was for him.

"Shereen-am, listen." she went back to her husband and framed his face with her hands. "Would you prefer to live in mortal fear? We are not turning our backs on Allah, we are merely ensuring the safety of our family. When the war is over, we will return. For now we should take refuge elsewhere. Think of Yasaman, she's still too little."

Esmaeel went silent for a few minutes, then finally sighed exasperatedly. "Okay, okay. Are you certain we can trust these cousins of yours?"

"Yes, of course. I have known them since birth. I can send them a message as soon as we decide."

"I guess it is decided then."

"Yes, Esmaael. This is God's will. He will keep us safe."

---

A week later, the al-Hadjis arrived in America. Since then, they have westernized their names and settled in Massachusetts. Esmaeel, now known as Michael, took up an engineering position in a nearby reactor facility. Hediyeh -- now Haidee -- used her psychology diploma and pursued a master's in Harvard, and later on took a teaching position.

By the time little Yasaman entered grade school, she had already become fluent in English without any noticeable accent. Her teachers praised her excellent logical skills, earning her a fast-track scholarship to a prestigious high school in fourth grade, where she only attended a year before being accelerated to college. Yasmine Waltzman became the youngest and highest scoring graduate of Harvard University in her program.

Even when the war ended, they were never able to return to Iran. The World Peace Treaty of 2051 dissolved all individual world governments, unifying them as a single body called the United Global Arbitrary. Those who were against the forming of the UGA were captured, summarily executed, or outcasted into the wastelands of the barren Middle East. The world was suddenly ruled by a totalitarian government, but it was inarguable that it had been in its best state in the last half-century.

But the war never really ended. The insurgents formed the Free World Federation, enlisting former Islamic jihad extremists, Italian mob families, Russian vory, and everything in between, including a handful of UGA detractors. By 2060, the FWF, or Freeists as their members were later called, has become a huge and formidable body with a lot of funding, fighters, and weapons. While most of the western world may be illusioned that the world has risen into utopia, those in the true seats of power know that war is highly profitable, but it need not be publicized.

---

A Biomedical Multipurpose Vehicle is 8-feet tall, 5-feet wide, and more than 15-feet long, and doubly reinforced. It is remotely supervised by bumvee operators situated in nearby bases, and its sole task is to collect forcibly retired (the UGA's sugarcoated term for 'dead') soldiers and haul them to launch vehicles for disposal. Today, Bumvee Hawk 6, one of the more recent models, was on its way from the Durani Sector to the Falcon Launch Facility just some hundreds of miles away, when its inner manual override lock was released, raising a warning in Clawthorne Base.

"What is it?" Base commander Hendricks asked an operator. He's had a long day and has become noticeably edgy, and all he wants is to get home and relax in his jacuzzi with a cigar and some good classical music.

"Well, I, uh." the operator replied nervously. He clicked a few times and brought up Bumvee Hawk 6's cameras on-screen. "What the hell? A soldier is alive, sir. He pulled manual override."

"Shit. Zoom in." Hendrickson's brows are now deeply furrowed. "Fuck, call it in. Send a retrieval unit and make it clean, ASAP."

"Yes sir." the operator nodded. "Holy shit. Holy fucking shit."

They watched in horror and disbelief as more "dead" soldiers got up, walked towards the now-open rear door, and jumped off the vehicle.

---

Shaquina has been feeling fluish the whole day. This morning, she woke up with a mild headache and a runny nose, but otherwise she felt perfectly sharp. It was weird, but it was much easier to focus on things now than she did before. She half-heartedly wished that this flu persist, sans the hassle of having to blow her nose every couple of minutes or so.

Ashley, her youngest son, came running behind her holding an empty glass. "Mommy, I want milk!" the boy declared. Immediately, she sensed that Ashley will trip on the foot of a chair, and before she could even think, she was on her way to grab the boy by the collar. The boy was in mid-fall, and the glass in mid-flight when she managed to grab both of them.

She sat down in utter disbelief, her child in her lap. "Wow. What the actual. Fuck. How'd I do that?" She suddenly felt the urge to sneeze, so she put a towel over her face as a reflex.

She blew her nose.

Ashley began to cry. The towel and the lower half of Shaquina's face were bright with blood.