(Mini-series) Apocalypsis [Part 1]
frankz0509
Part 1: Sample 55
---

Dr Yasmine Waltzman looked at the screen. The results from yesterday's run are in, and this time they looked promising. She took notes on a clipboard, and proceeded to pick up a sealed vial labeled "Test Specimen #55". She wiped the fog off her hazmat's facemask, and twirled the vial around.

"Funny how a successful splice looks exactly like any other." she muttered under her breath. "Gary?" She faced her partner.

"Yes, doc?"

"Hand me the spec sheet for subject D3." She took the small pamphlet that Gary handed her. "Is this one cleared by Command?"

"Yep. Batch D's test subjects three through eleven were pre-cleared. Hammond seems intent on skipping as much work as possible, so he just took a bunch of sheets and signed them all in one go." Gary chuckled.

"Typical Hammond. Prep D3 for injection then. Let's see how run 55 does. Crossing my fingers!"

Gary unlocked a cryovault, and took a large cylindrical glass container. Suspended in the middle of the container by some nondescript liquid is a human brain with wires connected to where its brain stem used to be. He put the cylinder on an open receiving port, which is connected to a computer terminal. He clicked three support locks shut, typed a few commands on the terminal, and took out a USB key drive.

"Ready when you are, doc." Gary looked at Yasmine.

"How are the vitals?"

"Stable. Cell degradation is at an optimal 98%, still ten points higher than our warning threshold."

"Great. On my go." Yasmine took out her own USB key, and the two positioned themselves in front of USB ports across the room. "Authorizing in three... two... one." They simultaneously inserted their keys, and a green light lit up behind the brain vat.

"Do the honors, doc." Gary waved his hand over the vat.

"Of course. It's not like you're authorized to inject the sample anyway." Yasmine sneered jokingly.

"Ouch. I'm hurt." Gary placed his hand over his chest, then faked a chuckle.

"Let's get to it. Load 55 into a hypodermic, G." The residents of Level 9 lab occasionally refer to each other using the first letter of their birth names. It was a practice that started from the founder of Genesys Industries, who once remarked that taking time to recite every syllable of every person's name is a waste of time. Yasmine took the large now-loaded syringe from Gary, and inserted it into a rubber membrane at the top of the cylindrical vat. She slowly lowered the tip of the needle, carefully positioning it over a lesion in the center of the parietal lobe. She carefully inserted the hypodermic into the brain matter, and injected Sample #55.

"Turn the electrostimulants on, if you will."

"Yes, ma'am." Gary typed a command into the terminal. "On."

"Thanks. And now,"

"We wait." They said in unison.

Unbeknownst to them, they have just set in motion a chain of events that would either quickly evolve the entire human race, or wipe it off the face of the earth. It was at twelve midnight later that evening, upon seeing an urgent notification on her phone, that Yasmine discovered how different Sample 55 really was.

---

Note from /u/frankz0509: So hey, guys. My first mini-series in /r/shortscifistories. I've been really encouraged by your kind words and criticism on my previous shorts that I decided to try something more ambitious this time. First person who can guess what this story is about (and what the mysterious effect of Sample 55 might be) gets to pick a name for the main male character, so PM me just for fun, if you feel like it. As always, criticism is welcome and encouraged. :)