The Paralysis
Jimmy_Acha
So, they dont really exist? I knew it! Now I understand how to fill those gaps, which I still have in my formulas.  said Bill Rogers, stepping back from the digital telescope. We were always amazed by the fact that you, humans, very often come up with things which exist only in your brains, but then you believe in them like theyre real. Be it religion or black holes, ESP or extra dimensions  replied a grey humanoid creature, which was standing in front of Bill. Rogers nodded: Yes, I agree. But for most of us its difficult to overcome our own misconceptions, especially when were comfortable with them. Still, whats your aim, why have you found me?. Bill and the humanoid were talking in one of the rooms of a large spaceship, which was slowly flying past the center of the Milky Way Galaxy, more precisely  near Sagittarius A. On the Earth, almost everybody thought that it was a black hole. But not Bill. And now he understood how he can finally make his theory on eternally collapsing objects complete. 

Well, you know, since weve solved our basic problems, such as mortality and usage of non-renewable energy sources, we had a bit of an existential crisis. Then weve found our true purpose in gaining new knowledge just for the sake of it, learn the world around us. Of course, weve always wanted to find other living creatures. But weve travelled around the Universe so much, and there are no any. Except for you, terrestrials. And we wanted to make contact with you. We didnt want to hurry, though, so we were taking some of the terrestrials to our spaceships in order to understand your language better.  And in case with you personally, we just found out that youre fighting a particular misconception, so we wanted to help.  the humanoid switched the telescope off. I see.  Bill replied  So, you came from some distant part of the Universe. But how distant exactly?.  A huge burning mass of stars and planets leftovers was glowing outside the ship. The burning clot was held together by the one very old star, the death of which during the earlier stages of the Universe, made it collapse on itself for billions of years, attracting more and more matter, which eventually led to the formation of the Milky Way. 

On your planet, its regarded as Unobservable Universe. We come from that part of space.  said the humanoid. And whats it like over there?  asked Bill. Not much different from what youve already seen, actually. Dozens of billions of light years  and still endless galaxies, clusters, super clusters  We understood that the Universe is far, far bigger than any of us has imagined before.  told the grey creature. And do you know why youre the only living creatures in the part of the Universe weve covered so far?  the humanoid squinted. Why?  Bill was a bit puzzled. Because weve killed all of them, as we didnt see any reason for their existence in this endless world. And now well do the same with you! Youll be the first, Bill!. A bunch of humanoids began surrounding Rogers. He wanted to move, but couldnt, being completely paralyzed. The aggressively looking creatures were coming closer.

Bill woke up in his bed. He already had sleep paralysis before, as its the integral part of the lucid dreaming technique he has been recently using. Rogers got up and quickly wrote down his thoughts about the conclusive formulas for the research paper. Seemed like his lucid dreaming techniques appeared to be useful for finding correct solutions. In a week, the results of the activity of new radio telescope, directed at the galaxy center, have been published. They completely matched the conclusions, stated in Bills paper. It was another revolution in the world of physics. Black holes were proved inexistent, stuff like extra dimensions and Big Bang appeared in serious doubt. Rogers has spotted articles about himself on numerous websites. But there was something else that attracted his attention  a small note, devoted to observation of some strange flying object, spotted in the sky over Bills home town  