Six Minutes
GreensburgZombie
A new you in just six minutes, Rebecca read aloud from the pamphlet in her hands.

Thats right, said the man behind the Do-Over booth, whod introduced himself as Tim or Tom - she couldnt remember which.
 
And thats it? Six minutes and youre a whole different person?

Well, theres a little more to it, he said. The mental easing, erasing and reprogramming necessarily only takes six minutes. For the next 48 hours or so our technicians induce a deep, healing sleep while the logistics team sets up your new habitat - new apartment, wardrobe, temp job or education (according to your preference) - and schedules a meeting with a Do-Over Starter Friend.

And what about my old life? Will I remember any of it?

Weve never had a relapse yet, Tim/Tom said, beaming. Our Starter Friends are first-rate undercover tour guides to your new life. Theyre specially trained to keep you away from any triggering material for the first month or so. Theyll introduce you - organically, of course, and without blowing their cover - to a whole new suite of hobbies and experiences before taking a job across the country and gradually cutting off contact. Youll be a bit disappointed to lose such a good friend, of course, but eventually thatll fade and youll be left seamlessly integrated into a whole new you. Youll remember nothing of the life you left behind. We even disguise our billing by distributing it across innocuous little paycheck withholdings - itll be line-itemed as local taxes or service and processing fees or something like that. 

Rebecca turned the pamphlet over and over in her hands.

And the six minutes? Whats that about? 

Well - and, understand, this is a tried-and-true procedure - but the fact of the matter is your brain has to be effectively turned off for the programming to take hold. The adult human brain can only function that way for about six minutes before brain death occurs, so we have to get in and get out in the time it takes to play Sympathy for the Devil.

Rebecca grimaced at the pamphlet and then at Tim/Tom. His big blue eyes crinkled at the corners.

Its not something we like to crow about, he said. Its like sausage. No one wants to know all the gory little details. But weve been at this for 12 years now without a single failure, and its becoming the new big thing - hardly anyone goes through their entire natural life as the same person anymore.

Rebecca put the pamphlet down and put her hands in her pockets.
 
Well, thank you for your time, Im just-

If I may, said Tom. Could you just do one thing for me?

I really need to-

Just one quick thing? Can you check your purse for a little pink and purple card? Looks something like this? 

Tom held up a rectangular business card with a row of black dots at the bottom.

Rebecca opened her purse and flipped through her credit cards. Sure enough, she found a crinkled pink and purple card wedged inside.

Ah, now, see - you really dont have any excuse now, said Tom, taking the card from her. She noticed that four of the five black dots at the bottom of her card had been punched out. Youve earned a free Do-Over, anyway.
