Serenity
Sebastian2203
Drop down is very jittery experience, when we were sent out in one of those pods at speed of two thousand kilometers per hour then you have to admit your head sort of aches.

But its still nothing when compared to what happens once the pod starts breaching trough the atmosphere layers of a planet. Your windows get black from all the air friction heat. Thank god that someone invented such a safe heat-isolation system in form of crystalic ablevative armor. It is so powerful it can be intergrated into such a fragile thing as glass withouth limiting the view, well the only thing limiting us seeing the probably beatiful landscape are the flames and ash layering on to the glass obstructing any imagery. 
At this point we are like a torch falling trough the sky.
There must be quite a lot of smog left from those things, when you drop atleast fifty thousands of those pods all releasing tons of engine exhaust, you gotta have to feel that something is in the air. At least it wont matter because Serenity Imperium only uses pods on hostile planets. It became some sort of symbol, the metallic taste which can be felt on your mouth once you take a deep breath. Combined with fiery black clouds carrying ash, covering the sky, sing of a battle.
No matter where you live on the planet, you have to be aware of it. Unless you are not blind and deaf, then you can pick up the news even if you have no signal-reciever, no radio or broadcast system. Even if you are sleeping, the ground shaking from hundreds of pods diving their way trough faster than wind and eventually dropping like a hammer on the ground, it will wake you up. Maybe you are just hanging outside, watching the sky on a lonely night. Stars will dissapear behind the invisible clouds of smog, which will be set alight by the dozens of explosions far above. Not long after the start, you might see more actors joining the show. Maybe they will cover the sky and shine their way even more, our air-fighters, shooting down any threat to the landing forces and intercepting anything that would endanger air superiourity over this planet.
It must suck to be on the other side. Well, we are doing this to prevent others doing the same to us, right? It is not my interest to pond how right or wrong is this anyway, I am just small part in too big, too complicated mess we call our empire. Mess that is so organized, clean, structured. Just learning basics of our hierarchy will make your head ache, so "perfect" as some woud like to say, that it looks like mess. Maybe those damn red-necks who have started this all few thousand years ago, made this intentionally. Who the hell would go trough such a struggle to infiltrate us, attempt study us in order to destroy us, when to an onlooker our insititution looks like junk of papers which have been spit on, tore apart, steped on by an elephant then fiddled together with a stick and thrown onto a floor. It might be some reverse psychology stuff that I do not understand, make it look ugly and they wont stick their fingers into it.

Maybe the reason why even after we became the biggest territorial group in the universe, we maintained our intergrity because maybe the leaders themselves do not understand the machinery behind it. You cannot really plan an uprising or revolution with this amount of delusional pile of bereucracy. But on the other side, we are dramatically effective, as long as you do not want to change law, invent a new system then the constitution and the way law works will allow you to do anything very swiftly. Want to conquer a new world? Just sing this, here are your guns and soldiers. Yes I am simplyfying but thats how it works. Is there an viral outbreak? The quarantine fleet will contain it in matter of two hours, because no one will ask "But you need that money! You need those resources!" Nope, the law clearly states the emergency and the issue is dealt with swiftly.
The only bad side to this, that not everybody can enjoy our luxury, not everyone can enjoy the peace. The other people who were so unlucky to be born as our enemies. We obviously cannot share this way of life with everybody, where would we gather our supplies and how would those gun companies profit if there was no war? We are made to make war. Only then our citiziens can enjoy a life without it. Deep inside their cities, on planets protected by dozens of orbital cannons swarmed with fleets of ships carrying the flags of Imperium that is feared, yet wondered upon.

Universe is too big and those primitive empires are too small.
That is why joing the Imperial Exercitus , the army of our empire, was my probably my best decision ever. The wage allows you to live a luxury life of wealth and comfort. But I do not do it for money, nah, I am addicted to the thrill of combat. This is a serious diagnosis, I would probably fall into deep depression if I started living a normal civili life again, get drunk one day and punch someone to death , if not worse. Maybe it is the adrenaline that I have grown so attached to, maybe the feeling of victory? There is something satisfying when you are on the winning team. 

Finally, we land. The airlock automatically opens and lets in all the left over dust from landing. Slowly I am able to see the shadows of them, hundreds of them ready to fight me.