Exciting Things to Do
Jimmy_Acha
My hands were shaking a little, and my heart was beating slightly faster, as Ive been filling in a detailed form on a shiny new website. It was important to avoid typos, I thought. Not that I rated the chances of my application being chosen as high, but for now it was necessary not to reduce even the merest possibility of my profile winning among the other hundreds of thousands. All of those people, including me, were prepared to leave Earth forever, and become the first Mars colonists. Can anybody imagine a thing more exciting that one can do in life? I couldnt. I finished preparing the application, and went to bed. I was sure that itll fail, especially because of my background being far from engineering or biology, but the effort was not big, so it was at least worth trying

To my great surprise, Ive passed the first selection round, and then  the second. When the time of the third round came, I was invited for a personal interview. Unbelievably, it also went very well. Ive even asked the interviewer, why they even chose me. The answer was that they really liked my motivational letter at first, and they saw that I really want to participate in the mission. They also havent found any drawbacks in terms of my physical condition. My background was not such a problem in their view, as the team would have included enough technical specialists, and every member wouldve had to go through broad training in any case later one, so everybody in the team wouldve been well prepared. So, that was it, Ive made it to the final group of fifty people, who would go to Mars in a couple of years. A few more applicants were recruited for the reserve just in case something wouldve happened to one of the members of the main group

Each of us had to go through the series of rigorous trainings, which mustve made us prepared to any possible situation we mightve come across on the Red Planet. Meanwhile, a huge spaceship, which wouldve taken us there, was being finished and going through final tests. In addition, a couple of automated cargo-ships were already sent to Mars with sufficient amount of necessary equipment, which was planned to be deployed on roughly the same place, where we were going to land afterwards. The final stage of our preparation sessions was a three-month stay in a special bunker in the middle of the desert, which was designed to simulate our living conditions on the alien planet. I have to say, that this was perhaps the most difficult element of the whole training process, and it seemed like some of us were thinking if the thing they are doing is what they really want to. But, the idea of becoming the first colonists of another planet was glowing in front of each of us, and it helped to proceed to the date of departure

That day finally came. We were going to leave the Earth forever, most likely. Now, it seemed like the whole planet was watching at us, as we were about to make a historic step for the humanity. The whole crew boarded the ship, everything was ready for the take-off. The countdown started, the engines began to roar. But right when the takeoff shouldve actually happened, the noise of the engines slowly began to decrease, until they completely switched off. A bit later we were told that a critical defect in one of the spaceship systems was discovered. So the start of the mission was postponed for a month. Until then, the members of the crew were allowed to go home for one last time

I was sitting in a sunny green park near my house, thinking about this entire mission to Mars and stuff. I recalled, how difficult our stay in that desert bunker was. But at least at that stage we knew, that it was only a simulation, and we were still on Earth and could exit at any moment. On Mars, we wouldnt have had such an opportunity. The other thing, that suddenly struck me  our colonist group was just the first, and there would be many more afterwards, if this mission is successful. Anyway, more or less substantial colonization of Mars would take hundreds, if not thousands of years. Until then, being the Mars colonist would mean spending most of the time in a cramped bunker, performing relatively primitive tasks, directed and controlled from Earth research centers. Even more disturbing, I thought, is the fact that each member of the first group would have to die in that harsh environment, likely earlier, than if they lived on their native planet. I abruptly understood that this entire journey is not an exciting adventure, but rather is throwing oneself on the altar of science and progress, with a very small possibility of seeing any results of it. Cosmic romanticism evaporated from my head. So I decided to quit. I informed the mission directors, and asked to substitute me with somebody from the reserve team. At first they thought that Im joking, but had to accept my decision in the end

In a month, the spaceship with fifty future Mars colonists finally took off, the best spacecraft ever built. No failures this time, everything went perfectly well. Arguably, one of the greatest episodes in humanitys history was taking place in front of our eyes. Tens of thousands of people around me, at the spaceport, and countless millions at their computer monitors and TV screens were watching. I made the decision not to be an integral part of this event. In a few minutes the spaceship completely disappeared in the sky. A new era has begun. But I do not regret my decision