(Mini-series) Apocalypsis [Part 3]
frankz0509
If you haven't been following along, here are parts [one](https://www.reddit.com/r/shortscifistories/comments/3vfkjh/miniseries_apocalypsis_part_1/) and [two](https://www.reddit.com/r/shortscifistories/comments/3vj6bi/miniseries_apocalypsis_part_2/) of my first mini-series, Apocalypsis. Hope you guys enjoy, and as always, criticism is welcome and highly valued!

---

Part 3: Vacuum Sealed
---

Yasmine fumbled nervously at her fingers. She looked around the office: the walls were plain white, with barely any visible decoration, aside from a military honor on a frame directly in front of her, a portrait of a fine-looking gentleman in an army officer uniform, and the flag of the United Global Arbitrary hung neatly in wartime position. She checked her watch: 7 AM. It has been a few days since Level 9's breakthrough, and today, a Monday, was the earliest she could speak to Hammond in person.

The large whitewashed Acacia doors opened behind her. A burly crop-topped man in a plaid shirt and khaki shorts walked in, carrying a paper bag and a to-go pack of Starbucks coffee. "Figured you'd be wanting one of these." the man handed Yasmine a venti cup.

"Thanks, Ham." Yasmine thanked Hammond. He and Yasmine have known each other for a little over a decade. They'd been to the same university, but while Yasmine decided to take on the academic path, Hammond was conscripted into the army as a medical lieutenant and later on became one of the world's highest-ranking generals, specializing on research and application of battlefield medicine.

"I saw the notif almost a week ago, and I quickly shrugged it off as noncritical. Happens all the time in higher-level labs, where code quality is not as exquisite as those of lower levels." Hammond chuckled. "And I wasn't even aware that you'd been conducting a deep brain injection experiment these past few days."

"Doesn't surprise me; word on the grapevine is that you sign papers by bulk now." Yasmine gave a playful wink.

"If that vineyard of yours goes by the name of Gary Andressen, I swear I'd--" Hammond put his hands together and did a large squeezing motion. "Nah, just kidding. G's a good kid. So, what's up?"

"We finally had a breakthrough. Sample 55 made D3 woke up."

"Remind me, what's 55 again?"

"It's a retroengineered strain of the old Ophidiomyces ophiodiicola fungus. One of the most resilient and deadly fungi a few decades back. We spliced its DNA and identified the gene-pairs that made it resistant to a number of environmental factors, paired with genes from samples 34 and 15, and made it self-healing. Basically, it targeted damaged brain cells and jacked up regeneration of new cells by artificially synthesizing stem cells." Yasmine beamed. She had always been a talker, and talking about her work made her more than proud: it invigorated her.

"So," Hammond sat back on his chair and took a sip of tea. "I'm assuming this is for the Achilles Project. Specifically, one that hopes to recover brain-damaged soldiers?"

"Indeed. Since we figured that the soldiers are engineered and grown from a single base DNA strand, we should be able to design an active bio-ingredient that would work better on those base genetics." Yasmine followed suit, and took a sip of coffee. "Basically, super-drugs that are specifically engineered and then directly administered to the brain to heal damaged soldiers and get them back into battle fast, since, you know, growing new soldiers take time."

"I'm impressed, Waltz. I didn't know that Achilles has progressed this far already." Hammond locked his hands together above his desk. "So, what seems to be the problem? All I've heard is terrific news so far."

"Well, here's the thing." Yasmine looked down and continued fumbling her fingers. "While we did achieve brain regeneration like we'd hoped -- heck, we got even better results -- there were some uncalculated side-effects."

"Which are?"

"First: the brains do regenerate, but that's not all, they also instantaneously gain consciousness far exceeding what's designed for bio-soldiers."

"Hmm." Hammond scratched his chin. "What kind of consciousness?"

"Awareness. Sentience. If this is applied to the soldiers, they won't simply be following pre-programmed orders like they were originally designed to. They'd be able to make decisions of their own, and have palpable feelings."

"And you know this how?"

"Check the full report I sent you. We're all basing our findings on translated brain dumps. We also injected 55 on dead lab rats, canines, and pigs. By the end of the day, they would be able to respond to visual and auditory cues, showing signs of much higher intelligence than their natural counterparts. It's incredible. We didn't even design it for anything other than humanoids."

"And how is this bad? If we can engineer animals to be intelligent, heck, we can use 'em all for war!"

"The bad news is that they expire. They'd have full intelligence and sentience for 48 hours, give or take, but by the 50th hour the brain will... die. Basic involuntary systems will remain working, but all intelligent activity cease to operate. They basically become blank. No amount of stimuli can evoke any kind of response. But they're alive, all right. Organs still working. Just... in a vegetative state."

Hammond pondered for a moment. "And what happens after?"

"Nothing. They continue breathing like normal. We still haven't seen what happens after a week or so, the rats, we've already disposed of, the human brains, well we're still about two days short of that, but from what we've learned, the re-animated bio-soldiers would only be useful for a couple of days."

"That's good enough, I suppose." Hammond shrugged.

---

Lot 53 is where biohazardous materials are stored temporarily. Among today's collected waste are three vacuum-sealed bags of rat carcasses from Level 9 lab. In about a day, the remains would usually be collected and sent to space to be incinerated by the Sun.

But specimen 1515, a reanimated lab rat, suddenly woke up from its dormant state. It chewed through the plastic bag and the biohazard container, and raced off through the chain-link fence and to the streets of States Avenue.