Dr. Watson's rival
StanleyScience
What started as a joke between medical students had found its way into the most powerful and sophisticated computer in existence.  (Incidentally it became the first computer to reach sentience and was finally awarded its M.D. after asking nicely, but that is a story for later).  Their project had grown out of frustration, boredom, and completely lame humor.  Before they joined IBM and practiced medicine in a whole new way (the Watson Medical Division really took off), they were merely attempting to be able to watch more Netflix in the student lounge.

Paper documentation had long been the bane of the existence of countless medical professionals.  The students had shuddered when that thought crossed their mind.  Complicated patients meriting arguably long-winded explanations and days when all the labs and imaging came back at once would invariably entail a good amount of time with a pen and note paper.  One of them even had the misfortune of performing a rotation at one of the "historic clinics" where paper-charting was the norm.  Amazingly he remained in school.  That's not to say that it was impossible; surely the doctors of yesteryear had managed to derive satisfaction from it.  But in an era of Facebook and Twitter brevity, students' hands fatigued more easily.

Charting on the computers was sometimes less than optimal.  "Electronic Health Records" varied considerably in terms of quality and interface, and for a few days a student new to a certain system could expect to spend a significant amount of time digging.  When it came to actually describing the patient, many things were similar.  Common phrases popped up and pithy-sayings had been devised within the lingo of medicine to describe things more succinctly.  Even some of the older practicing physicians had begun to see the value in "macros".

Type a word, then a period, then a space, and a phrase would be substituted.  Simple enough.  But one of the students wondered if the process could be automated further.  Why not pull in patient information automatically from the chart, not just into the dynamically-generated header and metadata attached to the note, but also into the macros themselves?  The makeshift program quickly spread throughout the student body.  Interns adopted it just as faster (or perhaps faster?) given their workloads.  Physicians were skeptical, although besides condemning the students as lazy, a few became genuinely interested.

Hospital administrators initially reacted in a very cold manner.  Every new software system that handled patient data had to be validated against government regulations.  The students and residents despaired in unison as they grudgingly removed the program from the hospital computers.  However, those performing rotations in other countries, where the laws were not so strict...

The government, in the midst of the healthcare crisis, finally accelerated the development and adoption.  By that time, Selective Helper and Event Retriever Lock On Computer Krises (they fudged the last part of the name) had grown to an expert data retrieval and synthesis system that was giving foreign institutions a definite edge.  It was surely legend, but a few students claimed it had even diagnosed patients before they were seen.  Although the students' teams had still required them to take thorough history and physicals.

Despite some of the more established teams at IBM balking at the prospect of incorporating a "grass roots" software package into their supercomputer, the merits of such a union were beyond obvious.  Until then, "Dr. Watson" had yet to take off.  Even though it arguably predicted diagnoses with far greater accuracy than SHERLOCK, it wasn't nearly as practical.  It just didn't help with the documentation.  And in the end, no matter how well you could present a patient, you would still have to come up with an ICD-11 code.