To the ends of the world
StanleyScience
Jack leaned back in his chair and closed his eyes.  Things were quiet here.  Years ago the war had raged and ripped apart the old planet.  Now he lived among the last of the humans on Mars, where society was busy terraforming and transforming the planet into a rich, verdant biome (inside a dome) with shimmering skyscrapers.

The knock came on his door and Jack let the young scientist in.  The fresh-faced man greeted Jack, who motioned for him to sit down.

"Did they explain to you why I am visiting you today?"  Jack looked at the man in his pressed white lab-coat.

"Yes, I know."

The young man, whose coat was embroidered with a name starting with "David", leaned forward.  "We want you to help us understand."

Jack pondered David's appearance, and regretted never finding time for his own family.  He offered David one of several oranges on his plate, but he shook his head.

"We want to know what it was like."

Jack had recently begun to hear many things about the project.  It was archaeology really.  Except there were no pyramids to climb or buried cities to unearth.  It was all in his and other old peoples' minds.  Jack remembered the 50's-themed diners and 80's-styled dance parties, and it had taken him by surprise that now kids would want to experience the turn of the 21st century.

Jack cleared his throat.  "Alright, what would you like me to do?"

David smiled.  "I'd like to interview you.  I'd like to find out what it was like at the end of the world."

"And you want to put my head in one of those machines?"

David nodded.  "Yes, the memory acquisition process should last only a few minutes.  It will feel no different than being in an MRI machine."

Jack looked at him.  "So you'd like to visit the end of the world?"  Again David nodded, and Jack leaned back.

"Well," Jack began, "when I was five, I visited Walt Disney World for the first time with my parents."  He appreciated the subtle confusion on David's face.  "And to me, after the car-ride and the anticipation, it seemed like nothing else existed beyond the park."

David began to speak excitedly.  "Exactly.  And it is those kinds of memories that we want to use to piece together the final years of Earth's existence!"

"But it was the emotion and the wonder that I care about now," Jack sighed and looked back at David.  "What was the first thing that made you really wonder?"

David thought for a moment.  "When my older brother let me help pilot his freighter."  He appeared serene.  "And the planets and stars looked so beautiful outside of the biome.  I just wanted to understand the whole universe!"

"And you take that feeling with you?"  David nodded.

Jack smiled.  "Then we have both been to the ends of the world already."