Farspace 1: Xandas. Somewhat NSFW
timface1
This is a public service announcement for <species>:<homo sapius>. Humans are reminded that the following species are sexually incompatible:

Klaga - due to acidic excretions
 
Gel Tilub - due to partner consumption post coitus

Pean Tuls - due to nuclear fusion upon extreme arousal

Binary Lifeforms Inc would also like to remind humans that their HH2 line of household automatons do not possess the appropriate orifices for copulation. Insertion into this orifices may result in permanent disfigurement due to moving parts and grinding gears.

This has been a safe sex message from The Farspace Collective brought to you by Duracellex. Duracellex - Personal Antimatter Fields for the ultimate in protection and pleasure. Now less than 1 atom thick. Not suitable for sulphur based organics

Xandas woke to the sound of his mothers voice screaming at him from a sound wave outlet in the head board. Wake up you error! You are now 7 minutes 23 seconds 67 milliseconds 192 microseconds late for work!
The company really knows how to get to you Xandas thought as he rolled out of bed. Knees hitting the floor mainly because he was too lazy to stand up straight away. A small mischievous smile flashed across his face as a memory flashed across his mind. Looking down at his bed he remember his activities the night before last in said bed. He had met a Sally down in the cantina.
 
What was her name again, he said to the dirty sheets, Chel, Kel, Mel
Sallys were discovered as a race about 10 spins ago. The perfect bedtime companions, not genetically compatible for offspring, so far no transmittable diseases, and an appetite to rival that of the Husung Black Hole. Many believe they were a product developed to try and take the personal companion market from Binary Lifeforms Inc XXX range of companion automatons. To the surprise of only a few outer appendage lifeforms entrenched in antiquated brain patterns the Sallys declared they were not infact just objects to be thrusted against but were indeed fully sentient beings.
 
You are now 7 minutes 57 seconds..

UUGGHGH I get it! he sighed at the computer generated message that was still using his mother's voice. 
Xandas rinsed his face, slapped on his company issued No-Atmo jumpsuit, clipped his toolbelt around his waist, dispensed a serve of the ambiguous aquamarine Super-Yum Sustagel dont think about where it came from food paste. Slurping down the paste Xandas busted through the door to his domicile and took off to the closest IMRU - Instant Molecule Redistribution Unit - Now with 23% less glitches during reconfiguration. Xandas stepped out of the receiving IMRU, did a quick check of his limbs and such, and headed off in the direction of Deep Breath, Much High. Deep Breath, Much High is -- was -- an oxygen and other hallucinogens bar frequented by Zero-G Ball players. Last night one of them got a little too testy and drove his Specific Atomics Starburner X2 straight through the outer hull, spacing the entire establishment. 

Please dont be on organic clean up, please don't be on organic clean up Xandas thought as he approached the temporary air-lock to the site. Engaging his rebreather Xandas stepped through the thin sheet of red translucent energy separating everything from, well, nothing. 
He kicked off from the twisted metal over to his boss, Mooney. This dude is such a piece of shit, both metaphorically and literally, Xandas said to the void below him. 
Looking back up at the amorphous mottled green-brown blob with slick, dripping tendrils, Xandas caught Mooneys eye. Youre late! Again! said the blob.

I was, begun Xandas before realising he didn't really care to make an excuse.

Guess whos collecting the bodies then, smirked Mooney as a couple of tendrils raised and motioned towards the debris cloud floating just passed the hull. 

Guess who didnt begin life by dropping out of the backside of a Greul, retorted Xandas. After switching off his communicator of course. 
Xandas thrusted out through the hole in the outer hull to begin his job of collecting the organic matter for DNA reprocessing. Upon passing through the wound into the endless void Xandas took a moment to survey his surroundings. To his right Farspace 1 stretched convexly away from him for one hundred or so kilometres and to his left another seventy-five. In front a billion billion stars twinkled as if dancing to some music unheard. His moment of complete serenity was interrupted by a small organic cylindrical object floating across his field of vision centimeters from his mask. It took him a moment but then EEEWWWW. Pulling a bag from his toolbelt with one hand Xandas reached out with the other and grasped the now dismembered member. Placing it in the bag he begun navigating around the chunks of disfigured metal grabbing the smaller disfigured organic parts. 
A couple of hours and bags later he was bringing in the larger chunks when he felt something push him from behind. Xandas spun around, OH FU..., was all he could get out as a careening piece of station tore through his suit and flesh in several places. He felt the infinite cold of the universe and then nothing as the stars grew brighter as if trying to reach out and claim him. 

The star light turned to the harsh artificial light as he came to. A message appeared on the glass dome above his face. YOU HAVE DIED. YOU HAVE 1 COMPANY PROVIDED DNA REBUILD REMAINING THIS SPIN. YOUR MEMORIES AND PERSONALITY HAVE BEEN TRANSFERRED. FARSPACE COLLECTIVE TAKES NO RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY ACTIONS CARRIED OUT BY YOUR NEW BODY. HAVE A NICE DAY. 