The Alvord-Stiles Gang
APBoland
Smoking a contraband cigarette while standing in a 33 airtight bathroom aboard a Class II passenger car in space is about the dumbest thing a person could do, but screw it, I dont care. The cigarette in my hand trembled as I took another drag. Calm down I told myself. One last job and Im solar sailing to one of the outer districts. Might even start my own territory. An oxygen sensor next to my ear buzzed and I slapped it with the back of my hand, silencing it forever. The computer on my wrist chimed 19:00 so I dropped my cigarette into the toilet and hit the slush button. Outside the stall door, some jerk knocked for the tenth time. I opened it, fully expecting a brawl. A fat lady resembling a hairless bulldog blinked up at me.  
Ya aint foolin nobody. She told me. I could smell that damn thing from my seat. I got half a mind to report you to the conductor ya know.  
Lady  
But then again maybe I wont. I can be bribed ya know. Got somethin of a habit brewin myself. I flicked a smoke at her and slammed the stall door in her face. The nerve of the elderly, I thought. My wrist-comp chirped to life and I raised it to my ringing ear.  
Saddle up Burt. Spikes are a minute out. I tapped my wrist-comp twice, telling my partner that everything was a go.  
I pulled off my jacket and flipped it inside out. Sewn into the inner lining was a disposable pressure suita one off. Working carefully, so as to not rip it, I slipped the insulated cover over my body. I was mostly zipped in when I heard the explosion. Too much I thought. Probably ripped the damn train in half. The artificial gravity shut off and I floated up. Outside the stall door I could hear the passengers begin to panic. Another explosion. The bathroom door shuddered in its frame but continued to hold.  
I listened to their screams for a few short minutes and one by one they stopped. Lack of oxygen will do that to a person, not to mention the negative four hundred degree temperature. I waited a moment for the pressure in the cabin to re-stabilize before shouldering open the stall door.  
Gahh!  
The old woman floated by with my smuggled cigarette still in her hand. I took a deep breath, let it out, and pushed the bitch out of the way. I had work to do.