They're going to tell you that it's fine.
writtennerds
Theyre going to tell you that its fine. Theyre going to tell you that its harmless, and that the experiencers were well-paid and that theyre perfectly safe. Resting, at home. Theyre going to lie about all of those things, but youre going to believe them because its convenient. You dont want to think about where your entertainment came from. That might make you enjoy it less, and you paid good money for this.

It makes the Oculus Rift look like something a cave man shit out. Thats because it isnt virtual reality. Its an actual reality, it just isnt yours. As soon as a scientist figured out that they could replicate an experience by mapping the brains electrical signals and seeing which neural pathways lit up, it wasnt long before someone figured out that they could patent it. RE-909 was the first name anyone gave it.

Someone goes out and has an experience. Lets say they jump out of a plane or go on safari, or sit front row at a concert. Maybe they screw a supermodel or go into those creepy catacombs under Paris. Someone maps their brain during it, and the information isnt just what they see. Its what they see, what they hear, what they feel and smell and taste. Its the temperature of the room and the breeze from the wind on their back, the light from the sun on their face. Its sensation and perception, everything that makes that experience real.

Then its mass produced and packaged and marketed and sold.

At first, it was regulated as well as anything like this could be. Then, someone broke the encryption and it became almost too easy to rewrite the experiences. Portable EEG machines  electroencephalograms, the things that measure the electricity in the brain  turned into black market gold and it wasnt long before off-brand experiencers started to flood the market.

Then the hacks and the mislabeling started. Parents who wanted their inner city kids to experience running through fields and forests accidentally exposed their children to violence instead. Drugs. Sex.

The experiences got worse. Bank robbing. Assault. Rape. Torture. Murder. Some people experienced them through accidents and mislabeling, but an alarming number sought them out. They wanted to experience these things, but always feared the repercussions.

But the media will tell you that these are isolated incidents. Neuroterrorists, members of fringe groups, dangerous individuals. Theyll tell you not to worry. As long as you procure your experiences from a trustworthy source, theres nothing to fear. Theyll tell you no one was hurt, producing your entertainment. Theyll tell you no one died to put a smile on your face.

And youll believe them, because its convenient.