(Mini-series) Apocalypsis [Part 4]
frankz0509
Hey, guys! Sorry for posting a bit later than usual. Got stuck in traffic for a good few hours and I only got home.

Apocalypsis is my first mini-series. Check out the first three parts here: [[1](https://www.reddit.com/r/shortscifistories/comments/3vfkjh/miniseries_apocalypsis_part_1/)] [[2](https://www.reddit.com/r/shortscifistories/comments/3vj6bi/miniseries_apocalypsis_part_2/)] [[3](https://www.reddit.com/r/shortscifistories/comments/3vncy2/miniseries_apocalypsis_part_3/)]

---

Part 4: Patient Zero
---

*Day 251*

"How much charge do you have left?" Yael asked 5994.

"Still good for about ten more shots. Plenty of ammo left though." 5994 replied, looking past a corner.

They were surrounded. Behind them, a cluster of rogers have formed, blocking their primary exit. Around the corner, they could make a bee-line to the stairwell leading up to Basement 2 where another exit hatch is located, but more rogers are starting to group. 5994 gave Yael a stern look. His arm was bleeding after getting hit by a stray bullet from one of the rogers they encountered a few rooms back, but 5994 paid it no mind. He was pumped with adrenaline, and the only thing he could think of right now was getting back to the surface.

"I have one more spark: we can temporarily stun the rogers ahead but that's it -- we need to make a run for it and try not to waste as much ammo and charge as possible. On my count." Yael decided. A 'spark' is an improvised weapon similar to a grenade. But instead of giving off a heated blast, it releases a wave of electromagnetic pulse that affect only the rogers, disorienting them for a few moments. Yael tapped 5994 on the shoulder. "Go, go." Yael fastballed his last 'spark' around the corner. It bounced off a wall and detonated. The hum of the high-frequency EMP blast raced through the air like a sonic boom. Ahead, the rogers blocking the stairwell dropped their gaze and stopped moving. "Run!"

They raced past the group of rogers, firing only at the ones that posed an imminent threat. They climbed up the stairs to Basement 2, and kicked the emergency door open. The hallway was abandoned, and at the end of it was a ladder behind a sealed metallic hatch which leads directly to the surface. They ran ahead, cautious of their surroundings.

And then 5994 blacked out.

---

*Present Day*

Yasmine held up a glass of champagne. They still refer to it as 'champagne', though of course, it was merely carbonated water sweetened with artificial flavors. Alcohol has long been outlawed since the end of the World War, but the tradition of toasting with 'champagne' (or the occasional grapefruit juice which they colloquially refer to as 'wine') persisted. She was just about finished delivering her speech after receiving an award from High Command, the highest body in the intricate fabric of the United Global Arbitrary's military. "And finally, and dare I say, most importantly, I dedicate this award to my parents, Michael and Haidee Waltzman, who have tirelessly supported me in this endeavor. The work of my team is far from complete, but these two lovely people know most of all how many hours of sleep and inches in my waist I've lost from the start of this research." she beamed at the elderly couple in the front seat. The audience let out a loud chuckle, and gave her a standing ovation. The Commander-in-chief shook her hand, and they posed for the cameras.

The first field test of Project Achilles was a tremendous success. Among the numerous injured soldiers they have treated with Sample 55, almost 95% responded with immediate brain recovery and were able to return to battle within a day. The returning soldiers were equipped with intelligence inhibitors, but nonetheless, their fighting capabilities were superb and they were good as new. The remaining 5% who perished were retired due to reasons unrelated to Sample 55: blood loss, irreversible damage on other parts of the body, or total dismemberment. By the time the brains of the reanimated soldiers have ceased to function, replacement soldiers have arrived and their battlefield positions would have been secured without any lapse in manpower.

The expired soldiers would be collected later by a meat wagon and sent to a space vessel for extra-planetary disposal, salvaging whatever parts might be reusable in the future. This cycle is almost completely autonomous and unattended, but it takes time. A day for the meat wagon to arrive and collect the bodies, and a day to transport them to the launchpad. These two days however, are plenty enough for the dormant soldiers to be stirred awake.

---

Specimen 1515 found its way to the labyrinthine network of underground pipes, and into the nest of sewer rats living inconspicuously underneath the city. It settled in a cool, damp corner before permanently expiring. The hundreds of rats passing through nest would be oblivious to the fungal spores that have exploded from 1515's carcass, unknowingly inhaling and harboring them in their bodies, later on to suffer the same fate: creating an untraceable contagion that spreads faster than any conceivable plague.

---

Shaquina's shrill scream reverberated throughout the Jackson residence. She'd been going about her daily routine, and was in the shower after having her morning cup of coffee. She was happily humming to the tune of Flatland Girls when she noticed a small shadow materialize behind the curtain above the open toilet, and then realized that a rodent had just come to pay her a visit.

"Raaaaaaat! Fucking raaaaaaaat! Henry!" she called to her husband.

Henry wiped his face with his palm, rolled his eyes, and stood up from his lazy boy. "Coming!" he shouted. "The hell is it this time?" he muttered under his breath, and grudgingly walked towards the bathroom. He opened the door and was surprised to see a foot-long rodent perched on the toilet seat.

"Fuck!"

Before he could decide whether to grab the rodent or look for something hard to smash it with, the rat zoomed out of the bathroom, into an open air vent, and never disturbed them again.