Glance of Infinity
Jimmy_Acha
A man was sitting at a table in an office in a large multi-story building. It was late, and the window of his office was among the few still glowing. A badge on the mans white robe said Dr. Frank Stowman, R&D Chief Engineer, Infinity Solutions. That evening Frank had to finish an important report, which had to be passed to his boss. The calendar on the table showed the 7th of September 2016, which meant that the boss was going to have a meeting with companys shareholders the next day. The meeting wasnt going to be easy, as things at the Infinity, the company working on human longevity research, were not going well. Despite all the spent money, provided by the investors, the research team had not much to show in response. But Dr. Stowman had a trump card which couldve changed it all. At least, he thought so. Frank finished the last bits of the report, and sent it to his bosss e-mail. Finally, he left his office, took his bag and coat throwing a quick cunning glance at a rat in the cage in the corner of the room. 


The employees of Infinity Solutions, including Dr. Stowman, have spent the next day waiting for the results of the meeting between their boss and shareholders.  Finally, the boss, Bill Rogers, has returned and invited everybody to the meeting room. The news were not inspiring. The company was almost bankrupt, so the investors have made the decision to close Infinity. It was a relatively small startup, one of many in the portfolios of Infinitys shareholders, so they didnt think long before killing unprofitable ballast. But Mr. Rogers, we needed just a little more time and funding, Im sure that we were close to a real breakthrough, and you saw that from the evidence weve provided  said Frank. Well, my friend, maybe youre right, and maybe wrong. Anyway, we appeared to be not persuasive enough in front of the people who were giving us money. They wanted result in exchange. We havent given them any. In fact, I already owe them money, but thats my problem, as Im the founder of the company. Thanks everybody for cooperation, we have three days to clear the office space. Dont know about you all, but Im not going to remain in this business in the observable future. Perhaps, all this longevity and genes is not my thing. My mother tried to persuade me to become a dentist  Bill said.


While packing the stuff at his office, Frank felt really upset. Perhaps, I should follow Rogers example and try myself in another sphere. Anyhow, Im going to spend a month or two out of work, just to re-think and re-evaluate some things, perhaps. All of us here have spent a lot of time and effort doing something we thought was important. Too bad it hasnt amounted to anything considerable.  Stowman thought. While walking around almost empty room, his eyes fell on the cage with the rat. Weve spent a lot of time here together, my friend. I guess youve deserved some freedom in the end. Frank took the cage and went to the office buildings backyard. Now, go. On behalf of the Infinity Solutions, I thank you for your contribution  Stowman mumbled facetiously. The white laboratory rat with a little green strip with the companys emblem on its right paw squeaked and ran away.


After finishing with clearing the office, Frank went to a meeting with his friends. He hasnt seen them for quite some time, constantly being busy at work. But he had no job anymore, at least for now, so he agreed to see them. When Stowman came to the restaurant, his two mates were already waiting for him. He knew them since school, and since then had very different career paths. Come on, dude. Why are you so bleak? Were supposed to have fun here!  said Jim Rooter, a banker. Well, I try hard, Jim. But I havent yet told you that Ive lost my job, the company I worked at got bankrupt  replied Frank. Ah, Ive always said that your silly biotech crap was not serious. Our bank wouldve never financed such a business. All these telemirrors and stuff, who needs that?  said Rooter. Telomeres  corrected Frank. Whatever. Now at least youll have an opportunity to find a normal job. I can help you with some entry position at our bank, by the way. And its time for you to get married and have kids, mister  Jim laughed. I think that Frank shouldnt be that upset, really  Phil Dowson, a developer at a large video gaming company, has intruded  Yes, Frank, you current company has failed, but there must be others, where you can apply the experience and the skills you already have. Well, you know, Im not even sure that I want to stay in this industry. Its not only our company; some others have also failed at round about the same time. Potential investors are losing trust in guys like me and others. Still, how are you doing, have you finished the game youve mentioned before?  said Stowman. Oh, thanks, alls great. Yes, weve finished our new open-world game, and it appeared to be a great success. We are even going to have a budget for a new game approved. No problems with investors trust here  Phil smiled. Ok guys, enough talking about work  said Rooter  Were here to have fun


Get lost!  shouted a man, who has been repairing some leaking pipe at the city sewerage. He wanted to punch a dirty white rat, but he wasnt quick enough, so the rat ran away. He noticed a dingy green strip on the rats paw. Why would anybody buy a pet to throw it away afterwards?  the man thought. He finished repairing the pipe and went up to the street. The illuminated inscription on the nearby building said Happy New Year 2076.