The Lost Generation Pt.1
None
Im writing this because I want you to know what happened to the lost generation. If you find this keep it hidden as your life may depend on it.

Life seemed unfazed by what was happening around us. Once you stepped outside into the streets youd find yourself back in the same place, a constant flow of people penetrating between buildings like water finding its way down a river. Public discourse was guided by a natural force, like a common denominator between peoples, so detached from the things that were of actual concern. No one could of expected it, at least not me, but beneath us was a roaring fire. Our fate was sealed inside the witchs cauldron. 

The story starts with a company named MyGenetics, a small startup that allowed users to receive affordable gene testing to predict heritable diseases. The company was a success and in a matter of a decade became quite successful. At the time it seemed fitting for such a service to exist. We had access to so much information on the internet but didnt even know our own likelihood of getting cancer. It was like they were doing gods work. 

Unfortunately it was too good to be true. MyGenetics was able to provide affordable gene testing by selling its data to medical research companies, which at the time was a topic of much debate. At first these medical research facilities were using these data sets to better understand specific diseases like Alzheimer's and Parkinsons. We had an aging population and lots of money was going to find cures for these diseases, those medical researchers had no problem paying big bucks for that data, and that made MyGenetics rich.

I think the first time I can say things started changing was when various American universities were targeted in very coordinated cyber attacks. The event made headlines and soon the public found out that we had been in an invisible war for over a decade with various countries. Behind the facade of diplomatic hand shakes and cordial attitudes between head of states there was tension. Many saw the digital age as an evolution toward some unchartered chapter in humankinds story, but the reality was quite the opposite. Without the imminent threat of physical danger, digital warfare lent itself to the type of tribal conflict that had predated the creation of armies. Everyone was looking for a way to ransack the others village, stealing their data, and poking holes in each others most advanced security systems. This sort of chaos was something that the general public was unaware of, but our government was well aware. 

This brings me back to MyGenetics. There was a period in the companys history where they were receiving a lot of nasty criticism about their privacy policies, something that was common for the time because many Americans were realizing the implications of handing over their genetic information to some private company. At the time it appeared as if MyGenetics gave in to public pressure, revised their policies, and even went as far as publishing the finding from an independently made investigation. To everyones delight the results proved promising and the company continued grow. Well, not everyone. The independent investigations were made by a company secretly owned by the government that was notorious for keeping tabs on the private sector. MyGenetics was in the middle of a war zone.

For the last decade the government was aware that various nations were repeatedly hacking into government and private networks, sabotaging them and taking sensitive information. Instead of using its existing agencies the government created a secret surveillance department to detect and deter possible cyber attacks. There was a lot at stake for the time because of the nature of the global economy we had stay light on our feet and keep dialogue open in order to maintain supremacy. Once anything went online it was captured by our government. 

Various intelligence agencies were aware of the danger that a company like MyGenetics posed. The published material from the investigation was heavily altered, and what they really were after was kept secret. MyGenetics contained almost 24% of all US citizens genetic data on their servers, their security was subpar, and the medical research facilities servers might as well have had a welcome mat. This was a massive national security concern but luckily the company was such a young startup that it didnt attract the attention of foreign agencies. What the government did next was surprising.

The government understood that they couldnt get the honey without being stung. They werent the only player on the field, and if they acted rash then enemy parties would start to notice. In conjunction with secret contracts they had acquired by means of the CIA, they announced to America about the world underneath their feet. They coordinated an attack on our nations own universities. The plan was to infect various servers that housed sensitive information using weaponized viruses developed by the military, and steal our data keeping it safe in a secure digital archive that the we created to be used in the event of a global natural disaster. 

Shortly after the public became outraged. Swarms of pundits and politicians promised them an answer. MyGenetics dissolved after a disgruntled employee went public about various unrelated incidents. It was like watching fireworks go off. It was a noteworthy event, but that was just the beginning.
