Sabbath:
Gallifreyggle
Mankind was doomed with the dinosaurs. There was an asteroid ready to wipe out all life on Earth. My people came to Earth to preserve as many specimens we could. Your pre-hominid ancestors flocked to our ships. We preserved as many as we could on our starships. 

Henri wiped the sweat off his brow as he realized that his version of history was far from reality. This was hard to swallow. He responded incredulously, That is patently false. There is no fossil record of hominids during the fall of dinosaurs. If what you say is true then why did we come back? Where are our great overlords that saved us?

Thax ignored Henris dissidence, We saved all the species that we could. Humans were bred to be logical self-controlled servants to our race; until they revolted. They massacred our families, stole our starships, and sent the specimen pods back to Earth. That is when you believe life began. But the truth is that life began in a lab on one of our starships. Many survived the long journey back to Earth but they arrived weak and mentally deformed. However, the will to fight was preserved in the DNA.

So, here we are. What do you want from me?

I want you to serve. I want my people to see what nature creates when we dont interfere. I want them to have a reason to forgive, instead exacting vengeance. Theyve learned of the repopulation of Earth. The torture will be long and painful.
 
Yeah but that was millions of years of ago. We cant be responsible for the works of some lunatics your people created!

It is the same blood. Yes we were the creators of our own undoing but you bear the sins of your forbearers. You contain the lineage of lust for power and callousness that led to my peoples demise. Your DNA is written for self-preservation, at all costs. To this day your people march on throughout the Universe destroying species after species. 

Henri considered the history of mankind and couldnt argue the fact. He was defeated. He was hoping to learn about the Universe not be a puppet in an intergalactic battle against the human race. There was something unsettling about Thaxs exposition. There was fear in his voice and a sense of loathing as he referred to all of the inhabitants of Earth. His tortured past while distant was still an open wound.
Henri gently asked, How can I serve?

My people, the Shol, have traveled the Universe for billions of years and there still remains one paradox. There exist particles at the edge of the Universe that are unlike any other. They are unpredictable and we assume that they are the key to understanding the future. Solve the paradox and I can guarantee the Earth and all its species will be spared.

Henri looked out the window onto the beautiful moon below as he contemplated the request. How much time do I have?

7 days.
