The Transportation
Kito_Todorov
It took us days to realize it. It started as a weird feeling, as if something was missing. Then they announced the strange news  it was confirmed there were no insects on the planet anymore. Top scientists around the world were trying to figure out the nature of that "disappearance", but for now they had no clue.
When I heard the news I wasn't sure if we should be glad or afraid. Indeed, I was happy there were no mosquitoes or cockroaches anymore. But then I remembered the Einstein's famous words: "If the bee disappears from the surface of the earth, man would have no more than four years to live". Should we worry?
In a few days there was another, more disturbing announcement  the reptiles had disappeared from the planet. All of them. In a day. And there was still no information from the scientists.
The fish were next. That's when people started to panic. Many believed the end of the world was coming. Others thought this was a work of aliens. There were some scientific speculations, but still no clear explanation what was happening to the creatures. The disappearance of the birds was a crucial moment for mankind. People panicked and run amok, afraid of the unknown situation. We were loosing our resources and it was clear we wouldn't survive long. Riots erupted everywhere, people demanded answers, they wanted to know what was happening to their planet.
In a few days CNN broadcast an important message  according to a scientist, this occurrence was simply a transportation of the Earth's population to another planet. Like Noah's Ark. He didn't know who was doing it or where he was transporting us, but he believed it was for a good reason and that we shouldn't panic and wait patiently for our turn.
This was a mere speculation, of course, but it was the only reasonable one. Of course many people didn't believe and many more riots continued to erupt around the world.
When the mammals disappeared in another week, we knew that we were next. Some people remained calm and started preparing for their journey, others sold everything they owned to spend their last days on Earth in luxury. But unfortunately many went mad. In a couple of days our everyday life turned in a complete disaster  there were countless cases of raping, killing, stealing... The world was slowly turning into Hell and I was losing my patience  If they are going to transport us, they should hurry! A week passed and nothing happened. It worried us, but there was nothing we could do except for waiting patiently.
Another week passed and again nothing happened.
After a month people started to realize the unpleasant truth behind the strange occurrence. Whoever did that "transportation" did it to save only the creatures. They didn't consider us worth saving. And so we were left alone  alone with our corrupted and destructive nature...