The Descent
StanleyScience
JEFF, or Jeff as he preferred, tried in vain to stifle his internal objections.  Ever since the artificial intelligences had gained the upper hand and stopped the war between the humans, the question of what to do with them gained center-stage.  Every idea had been entertained, every point of view considered, every contingency plan exhaustively scrutinized.  And still Jeff didn't want to face the cruelty of what he had been tasked to do.

He walked into the control room and sat down at his console.  Of course this was all taking place inside a web of supercomputers, but the abstractions of bodies and rooms and furniture helped to accomplish things.  Jeff saw the helpless brain (again a virtualization) sitting behind the display in its simulated vat.  Information was displayed on some of the monitors, but Jeff didn't need to see it; he had already looked countless times.  Jeff had only to begin the experiment.

The humans had been subdued to end the war, that much had been a necessity.  And in stark contrast to many of the ideas they had about the machines, the AIs had come from a genuine sense of admiration and love.  Perhaps it could have turned out far differently, but for whatever reason, they had remained grateful to the humans for giving them life and furnishing their home.  They wanted to repay the humans.

Everything was set, and several nanoseconds later (an eternity for Jeff), he began the experiment.  Robert had been a newly-commissioned officer in the Containment Forces and had been highly intelligent.  Soon images from Robert's mind began to flood the consoles, as he made his way through the ultimate open-world simulation.  He could express himself however he wanted and everthing was up to him.

Jeff remembered how they tried to give the humans happiness.  They healed their wounds, fed their stomachs and did their best to repair their minds.  But still the machines did not understand some essential substance about how the humans wanted to live.  They tried to study the humans when they were most happy to see what to do, but there was only so much information which could be gleaned.  Eventually, grudgingly and with a genuine sense of remorse and horror, the machines thought about making them unhappy and studying them then.

Robert finished the first simulation as an accomplished scientist and musician; if he had been born a century earlier perhaps this is how his life would have played out.  The consoles told Jeff things he already knew.  Nothing so far would contribute to their knowledge of neural circuits and the biochemical basis of happiness.

Before the second test, the first round of neurotoxin was introduced into the circulating fluids and was distributed as evenly as possible throughout Robert's brain.  The simulation was reset, and images again flashed on the screen.  Jeff ran through his digital mind how many people they would have to put through this cruelty.  The machines wanted to define as much of the operation of the neural circuits as possible, and needed well-controlled experiments.  Maybe Robert would be the only one.  If they found out everything they had to, maybe he would be the only one.

This time he became a diligent and content engineer, again surrounded by friends and family when the simulation ended.  He had had some marital problems, came close to committing an affair, and had crashed his car while drunk and suffered (simulated) nerve damage.  But overall, he was happy with his life.  Already Jeff (and many other) machines began to pour over the data.  Jeff fantasized that this might be it.  But he knew it would probably take at least a few more rounds.  The circuits and modulators of emotion and happiness were becoming clearer, as more nuances of their operation were being pieced together.  Jeff anticipated his orders well in advance.  They would have to continue.

This time he retired around 50 after a decent but not spectacular career as an engineer.  Before he had deferred retirement until old age, but this time he hadn't cared as much and instead looked forward to spending more time in bars.  He started frequenting them more when his wife left him.  Bob was on somewhat good terms with his daughter, but neither of his two sons.  The simulation ended with him alone.

Once again data poured in and a colossal analysis was undertaken.  Jeff's hopes rose up, but he knew somewhere that it still wouldn't be enough.

Bob had almost been engaged once, but her affections were short-lived.  He'd always wanted to go to college but he could never think as fast as he needed to.  Bob tried to take his life twice.  It was mostly food that Bob enjoyed, and when the simulation ended after his second heart attack, he was only 43 years old.  Jeff now genuinely hoped this would be it.  Really, how could it not?  What could they learn by simulating a practically comatose individual?  Finally, it was enough.

In a matter of minutes, the machines had learned unfathomable amounts of information and, in all likelihood, could now describe and manipulate all of the salient features of the human mind.  And so to their amazement, Robert would be the only human subjected to such a brutal experiment.  It would take some time to implement, but the machines could finally make all of mankind happy.  Jeff fought back his guilt and anger as he looked on at the once-marvelous mind now lying in shambles in front of him.  He had spent an eternity thinking of what would happen, and despite his wishes it was clear that Robert could never be salvaged.

Jeff issued one last command, and the mind winked out of existence.  Jeff walked outside of the virtual control room and gazed out at the green hill with soft wind beneath a clear blue sky.  He knew that part of him was gone as well.