Santa Claus: PTSD Score
StanleyScience
Lieutenant Chalmers stared at the ceiling as he pondered the volunteer's request.  A PTSD score of 10%!?  It had been an odyssey to get the first simulations to run at 1%.  The parents, and much of the civilian population, vehemently opposed it.  There were protests, break-ins and riots, and several states of emergency had been called.  But the politicians could no longer appease their constituency.  They, along with the rest of the country (whether they wanted to or not), were fighting for their lives.

He and his team received checkout from the members of the previous shift, and then took their places at their respective consoles.  Biologics had nothing to report as the physiology of the participants was within normal limits.  Uplink had experienced a 4% soft burnout rate over the last 12 hours, necessitating more frequent cycling of the pseudo-synaptic regulators, but that was fine as they were nowhere near the limit.  The neurology team discussed the accelerated sleep-wake schedule but had no complaints.  Psychiatry happily reported a 0.7% PTSD score maximum, although recently some of the admirals called into question whether or not lower scores were better.  Finally, Journalism briefed the team on current events; it was 2007, and the trajectories had stayed mostly on target.  All of the participants had been successfully funneled into tours of duty.

Chalmers leaned back in his chair, observing the screens.  He joked that it was a lot like his time in the Middle East, long stretches of boredom punctuated by heavy action.  From what he had heard, the earlier simulations were a lot more work to run.  Sometimes it wasn't even the simulation itself, per se, but glitches in the program.  More than once a participant had become stuck in a wall or witnessed some bizarre event which made him start doubting the reality, or frequently, respond with sheer terror.  Imagine falling through a floor or balcony, or observing incredible rainbows or flashes of light, and then waking back up in a tube?  Not a good time to start remembering your life before you went in.

A yellow notification appeared next to one of the participant's data panels.  "Tactical, sitrep."

"Hostage crisis, SK-7 on rescue unit."  The time factor had automatically slowed to 0.3 so they could view the events in real time and think faster than the participants.  How amazing to be able to slow down perception from 360 seconds/second to 300 milliseconds/second?  The management AI had bought the team some time, although it couldn't slow down the perception of time any further.  The human mind needed some level of stimulation to continue to engage with the simulation.

Sim-Kid 7, or Corporal Barnes, was leading a team to extract 5 hostages from a merchant ship off the coast of Somalia.  Chalmers and his subordinates quickly sized up the simulation; there were 15 pirates aboard the vessel, along with 4 others on the ship they had arrived in.  Barnes' perspective showed water spraying over the sides of his rubber combat craft and the merchant ship growing on the horizon, while the pirates had mounted some of their machine guns to the sides of that ship.  Their home vessel was several miles away and almost certainly could not participate in the encounter.  Psychiatry noted stereotypical activity in SK-7's brain, including fear and exhilaration.

Chalmers was now faced with a situation he had answered only several times before: would they intervene?  A flare from somewhere in the sky could distract the pirates, or they could scramble their thoughts and incapacitate them.  Chalmers rubbed the bridge of his nose.  These participants had been selected to become military, as their initial testing indicated they possessed characteristics favorable for that profession.  The simulations were supposed to teach them other important life lessons, and hopefully make them more well-rounded people, but ultimately, for this cohort, it was primarily a combat trainer.  Intervening now would compromise the reality, and maybe SK-7 would even begin to doubt, if only in his subconscious.  And while not an absolute indication to wake him up, it could still become very detrimental.

"Sir, SK-7's PTSD score is at 0.9% and climbing."  Psychiatry looked concerned.  She was young and relatively new, maybe fresh out of school.

"Very well".  Chalmers continued to focus on the screen.  If SK-7 woke up now while experiencing this psychological stress, he would have an approximately 0.9% chance of developing PTSD within the next 30 days to the extent that he would be unfit for duty.  But it certainly was not an easy question.  If kids woke up too early, they wouldn't have a chance to confront difficult situations, which was part of the main impetus for implementing the simulations in the first place.  If the PTSD score climbed too high (the emergency detachment protocol was extremely fast but not instantaneous), they would be greatly harmed and incapacitated.  Diplomacy had begun to break down abroad and the military needed the new recruits, and after they woke up, the physical danger was real.

Tactical whipped his head around.  "Sir, a sniper has a bead!"  Chalmers saw the sniper on the roof of the merchant ship take aim at Barnes' team.  The bullet fired and as the management AI scrambled to compute the trajectory it ripped through the neck of the combat AI directly to the left of SK-7.  Chalmers was somewhat familiar with this AI; it and SK-7 had served together for two months.  As the sniper reloaded, SK-7's brain map indicated shock, fear and then anger.  The AI was mortally wounded, and SK-7 realized that.

"Sir!"  A look of genuine horror was present on Psychiatry's face.

SK-7 ordered his team to engage as he tried to stop the bleeding.  The detachment protocol fired, and SK-7's voice seeped through into the tank room.  The sedatives were injected and he fell asleep.  The rank would require approval, but Chalmers had little doubt.  Barnes would graduate the simulation as a corporal.