God Is A... Wanker?
frankz0509
Jimmy had no idea what to present at the Science Fair. In fact, he only started to look for a topic in the morning -- the fair was already the afternoon of the following day.

So Jimmy decided to look for inspiration from YouTube. Plenty of good stuff out there, and Jimmy was pretty sure he could find something so obscure, none of his classmates would have even the slightest chance of doing the same thing.

A few videos after, Jimmy's table was packed with tools from his dad's RolyKit: electroreactive chemicals, catalytic reactants, ionizers, voltage regulators, meters, lithium batteries, and a bunch of nondescript chemicals. But hard as Jimmy might try, his poor brain just wouldn't churn the right idea. So he decided to first do what he does best: Jimmy went to PornHub and pulled his pants down. Hose aimed at a 500ml beaker, he started performing the most sacred of all teenage acts. He almost made the 1-minute mark.

Jimmy learned the hard way that wanking makes it harder for the brain to focus on logical work. If anything, it made him sleepy. So Jimmy decided to call it a day by mixing his life-seeds with random chemicals and dipping two ends of an energizer probe. *Meh, I guess I'll figure something out in the morning*, he thought.

The room temperature was just right. PH levels were optimal. The electric jolt brought the electoreactive chemicals awake, exciting the spermatozoa and causing spontaneous germination that enabled flow of organic compounds across the charged solution. It didn't look grandiose at all: from afar, all that took place appeared simply as a few sparks jumping out of the beaker. A little nudge in the goo here and there.

By morning, the beaker was brimming with sentient life. Due to effects of quantum mechanics currently unexplained, the Planckian scale of Jimmy's organisms felt the effects of time dilation at a miniature level: what was just overnight for Jimmy was millenia for his creatures.

By the time Jimmy came to check on his beaker, the mini-Jimmies have developed sufficiently advanced technology to be able to scale down Jimmy and bring him to their world.

And that was the day Jimmy, a wanker, invariably became God. 