Life and Death
blinka
Alnith sat across from his doctor, a mahogany desk spread before them: an antique from centuries past.  He nervously tapped its surface as the neurologist scrolled though the floating x-rays and data displays that hovered like an apparition between them.  Moments felt like eternities as Alnith tried to interpret the facial expressions on the doctors face, hoping to find solace in a relieving exhale or subtle head nod.  Finally, the doctor spoke.


 I dont want to alarm you, but I need you to understand the gravity of the situation.  It doesnt look good.  The Type-Q malignancy has reached your thalamus.  The rate of SME for this particular strain is off the charts.  The doctor must have spotted the brief look of confusion on Alniths face.  Sorry, SME stands for self-mutating evolution, in other words, how quickly the disease re-invents itself in order to avoid prosecution by modern medicine.  In your case, the rate of SME is beyond our supercomputers ability to generate new drug structures and combinations.


Alnith nodded in acknowledgement, the full weight of the information weighing him down.  A moment of silence passed before he spoke, We have good insurance.  What if we opted for a higher allocation on the supercomputer?  Threw more resources at it.  Perhaps even pay for a distributed, multi-system solution?


The doctor shook his head.  This was the worst part:  Having to extinguish his clients hopes of a reasonable solution in light of the damning inevitability of an advanced disease and a solution not yet technologically feasible.  Unfortunately, given the complexity of the problem and the advanced progression of the disease, even the combined computational power of the entire galaxy would be insufficient.  Im sorry Alnith, but we are orders of magnitude away from even coming close, and Im afraid you just dont have that much time left.  A year and a half at most.  There isnt anything we can do for you now.


Alnith exhaled deeply as he nodded in defeat, staring at the overhead lights reflected in the polish of the desk.  How would he tell his wife?  His twin boys would be devastated.  So thats it then?


The doctor rose from his chair, and walked over to Alnith.  He put a reassuring hand on his patients shoulder before placing a brochure on the table before him, Well, there are options.  I said there wasnt anything we could do for you *now*.


Alnith looked down at the brochure.  In yellow bolded text over a starry background were the words, No Cure?  No Problem! and then in smaller italics, The future is waiting for you.  He opened the brochure and skimmed the pages of the triptych.  Alnith paused, comprehending for a moment, before looking back at the doctor who had returned to his chair across the table, Is this for real?


Yes Alnith, its very real.  What you are looking at is a promotional brochure that we received from our parent company this morning.  Its a new model for recovery from terminal illness.  Heres how it works. First, you reserve a room on a company spaceship.  Then you go on a three month journey at relativistic speeds.  When you return home, fifty years will have passed on Earth.  Hopefully by then the technology is available to cure you.  The cost of the journey, treatment, and recovery will be completely paid for by fifty years worth of interest on your current state of wealth.  You are guaranteed the same financial security when you return that you took off with, adjusted for inflation.


With less despair and more inquisitive optimism in his voice, Alnith asked, What about my family?  My friends?


There are packages where you can take one, five, or even ten people with you.  They require a similar amount of upfront investment of course.


Do you think that a cure for Type-Q will be available in the next fifty years?


The doctor brought up a new data display.  Neon graphs over white grids and dark backgrounds materialized between them.  He looked at the data before responding, According to our predictive models, a cure for Type-Q will most likely arrive in thirty four years, with an uncertainty of twelve years on either side.  Remember though that these are just estimates; a cure may never be found.  So there is a bit of risk involved.   Non-medical issues, like the future stability of the United Colonial Union must be considered as well.  War with the Thrithian Empire does seem inevitable.


Alnith pondered the idea, still on the fence, How much of my current wealth is required to reserve a room on the ship?


The doctor replied, All of it.


So that means that I wont be able to leave anything behind for my wife and children, assuming they dont make this journey with me.


That is correct.  Any interest left over after the trip, cure, and recovery is considered profit for the company.


Alnith sighed.  There was a light at the end of the tunnel, but at what cost?  Leave his family behind with nothing?  Bring them along knowing that they will give up everything they have ever known for a future that may not even exist?  Is the core family being together worth having to say goodbye to grandparents, aunts, uncles, and possibly even brothers and sisters?  He had a lot to think about.  Life and death had suddenly become much more complicated.    