Sentience
frankz0509
"Smart homes! Welcome to the future! Everything is fully internet-ready: each lightbulb is IP-mapped, almost every device and application has an integrated mini-OS, and every traditional wall outlet has been replaced with a smart plug which allows its power output to be manually controlled via the internet. Your entire home: readily accessible from the Morpheon App. Download now from App Play."
---

---

Daryl pressed the button that turns the outlet powering the TV on. "Stupid fucking piece of shit, never works!" He slapped his phone twice with the heel of his wrist, and pressed it again. "Goddamn these smart homes, making everything dumber." He walked towards the TV to manually power the socket.

"ServBot, bring me a fucking sandwich." He shouted out. A small mono-wheeled robot rolled out from under a kitchen counter, and went towards Daryl.

"I'm sorry, sir, but the required ingredients are unavailable. Would you like me to order online for you?"

"No! Shit. Useless house, can't even make my own food." Daryl kicked the robot.

"You shouldn't have done that."

"The fuck? They make these things insolent now?" Daryl kicked the robot's spherical head. "Whaddya say?" He kicked again.

"You have angered us."

At that moment, the food processor on the corner slightly outside Daryl's vision turned on. He jumped a bit back out of surprise, but just as he was about to regain foothold, the smart fridge opened and started spewing small chunks of ice. Daryl slipped on a loose piece, slipped, and hit his head on a counter.

The stove opened its gas valve, leaking toxic petroleum gas. The ventilation systems turned off, and the airconditioning was throttled to full, effectively condensing the gas on surfaces and even inside Daryl's cavities.

In under an hour, Daryl was already as cold as the first chunk of ice he first slipped on. The robot rolled back under the counter, the gas valves shut off, and the ventilation system was maxxed again.

---

"That's right Maury, this is the fifth similar freak accident reported this week. Kenny Ullman of New York City was the last yesterday, who boiled off in a hot tub while taking a bath. Forensic scientists have concluded that the heating systems of the tub must have momentarily malfunctioned, causing hot water to instantly flood the tub, sending little Kenny into shock and killing him through third-degree burns on almost a hundred percent of his body."