A Cowboy returns home
swordmagic
The Cowboy trotted along the path, a full moon shone bright in the night sky. No stars out tonight. Past the first cactus his horse slightly bucked. Easy girl he spoke calmly, easy now. They approached the small boulder, then the larger one as they neared the top of the hill. As the horse grew uneasy she started to veer, The Cowboy tugged on the reins and kept straight to the path. Almost there girl, its alright now he gripped the reins tighter, sweat rolled down his neck cooled by the lonely Midwestern breeze. Second cactus was in sight now.

The wind picked up, startled, the horse made a 180 and neighed loudly. Alright, alright now girl! The Cowboy shouted, gripping the reins tightly he tried to subdue her. They were at the top. The wind howled loudly, a light flashed illuminating the night sky, a dark red tear opened above the crest of the hill, cracking booms as loud as thunder roared. The Cowboy dismounted, the horse ran off into the night. Taking cover he turned his attention to the tear as a large metal carriage was thrust forward landing in the brush a few yards down the hill.

The Cowboy took cover by the cactus, kneeling low and readied his rifle. A tall man dressed in army fatigues and a large black coat stepped out. He was armed, an old assault rifled draped over his shoulder and visibly shaken. A rougher landing than he anticipated. The Cowboy made his move, silently rushed towards The Traveler. Edward Whitehall he called out, rifled aimed at The Traveler. He turned around quickly, assault rifle in hand. Click. Gun jammed, The Cowboy knew it would. The traveler rushed him but he was prepared. Dodge left, grab his right arm. Throw him forward, boot in knee joint. The Traveler was kneeling now, his arm locked behind his head. Do not move The Cowboy snarled. The Traveler was breathing heavily now. He didnt say a word. The Cowboy spoke next, rifle trained on The Travelers back. Three mon- fuck you - The Traveler spat. Calmly, The Cowboy started again. Three months Ive waited for you he took a breath. Three long months in this dirt, wasted! Lets not waste anymore of my time. By the order of the Queen I sentence you - Edward Whitehall, to death. The Cowboy pulled the trigger, a blue light flashed and watched as his bounty disintegrated. The ash carried away by the wind.

The Cowboy made his way over to The Travelers vehicle and placed a small metalic disc on the roof. He climbed on top of the hood and laid back as a dark red tear opened above him. He closed his eyes and waited, happy to finally get away from all this old dirt.