Santa Claus
StanleyScience
Johnathan had nothing left to teach them.  They weren't kids trying to grow up, or lost in the trappings of modern society.  No, they were already lawyers, engineers, doctors and parents.  Some were even teachers themselves.  John had been skeptical about the whole thing, when it first began.  He had even spoken out about it a few times, although he never considered himself to be a vehement opponent.  Sitting alone in his classroom, he took another sip of coffee and leaned back in his chair.  John closed his eyes.  How did it all start?

He remembered reading a very old article in high school, where the authors made a case for the advent of television being linked to increases in violent crime.  John had thought about whether or not that was true, and he couldn't remember ever reaching a decision.  He remembered videogames being blamed for all sorts of negative aspects of society, although he didn't agree they were at fault.  At least not in the way that the parents and the politicians claimed.  No, it was something a little different.  A little more profound.

What he initially dismissed as opinions of his grandparents and their friends slowly began to be echoed by younger members of society.  And no, it wasn't just videogames; almost certainly smartphones had a much larger impact.  John could still remember how often he would have to confiscate them during his classes.  This was when his students talked back to him like immature brats.  But deep down, John knew it wasn't their fault.  From some of his college courses, he had walked away with the impression that evolution usually took more time, measured in generations.  Was there some biological discrepancy between these kids and their parents?  John almost thought so, but ultimately decided against it.  No, they were just adrift in a sea of technology and weakening social institutions.  They were never forced to grow up.

For a time, society could tolerate them.  Hadn't there always been rich kids in the past that had been spoiled by their parents?  But no, the situation was different.  The majority of his students just didn't know how to make it in society.  He knew the pattern.  They were smart, very knowledgeable (what couldn't you look up these days), and they'd graduate high school and probably college, only to lead self-indulgent, lack-luster lives and in most cases make very poor decisions.  And they wouldn't listen.  Not to their family, not to spiritual leaders (John was conflicted about this, but eventually came to believe that some spiritualism was essential to leading a meaningful life), not to public officials or the police, and ultimately not to themselves.

The country had come from a place of fear and desperation.  It had been on the top for so long, had such an edge on most other places in the world, that being threatened with an eclipse in science and technology shook it to the core.  It started out as an attempt at injecting morality into entertainment, but almost all of the kids found ways around watching the ads, or would complain or giggle with their friends about that scene in their favorite videogame had been altered by the government.  Virtual reality was employed to show them situations and explore the consequences of their decisions, but they knew it wasn't real and just laughed.  The retinal and neural uplinks, developed several years later, still failed to convince them of the urgency to learn.

One night over drinks at a bar, John and some of his friends reasoned that the kids didn't take it seriously precisely because they knew it wasn't real.  "It's like, if you never believed in Santa, you don't care about being good to get presents."  They debated that for some time, but John walked away that night thinking it made sense.  How could he reach them?

The nation, hardly believing the decline in its status, was finally threatened with invasion.  Other places, more strict and barbaric in their philosophies, were designing better software, building satellites with more advanced and powerful armaments, and began increasing their threats.  The nation's advantages seemed to be shrinking quickly, while their most impressive quality appeared to be the decade-long lead they had developed in neuroscience.  They devised combat training programs that reached an astounding reality.  At first many voiced hesitation about forcing the soldiers to think their lives were on the line, but fear of invasion and subjugation won out.  John did remember the press conference where some official had reassured the public that extreme pain and torture would not be simulated and that the soldiers would be permitted to "wake up" at that point.

It was only a matter of time before society saw the benefit of that creation.  Initially parents could opt out, but then when it became absolutely mandatory, the push-back grew unmitigated.  It reminded John of the vaccine wars 20 years earlier.  Eventually necessity won out, and the children were forced into the simulations.  They were forced into an earlier, less complicated time, without smartphones.  Had it been the 1980s?

There were accidents and crises, but the war had begun, and the casualties, neurological and psychiatric, had to be weighed against the contributions from a more devoted workforce.  They had to grow up faster.  And the simulations were getting much better, the pseudo-synaptic regulators were always increasing the resolution of the voltages to which they could clamp their target neuron.  The sim times got longer, with kids who would wake up as adolescents now being recalled to the real world somewhere in middle age.  In the days following their awakening most were distraught, but ultimately appreciated the education and came to understand the necessity.

The nation won and retook the world in technological advancement, and many former "sim-kids" expressed gratitude for being able to lead two full lives.  Although near the end of their simulations their grandchildren had stopped listening.  But what could they do?