# (Hashtag)
StanleyScience
Mike set down his paper plate and drink before perching eagerly in his chair.  He jiggled the mouse to wake the screen up, typed in his password, and he was back.  Maybe he would get minigames for awhile?  They were getting more clever and inventive all the time.  He also liked the captchas, although they had run through nearly the world's entire inbox of literature waiting to be digitized.  Mike had read a few days ago that now they had moved on to old documents such as tax returns, receipts and invoices.  More big data to make the world a better place.

A simple, colorful screen greeted him as he quickly recognized what he had to do.  One of the image tagging AIs had tried to create a heat map of which parts of the picture best correlated with each tag.  Mike loved these!  He thought for a second that he might have recognized the picture, but he didn't want to wait too long.  Each problem solved equated to some fraction of a cent.  The heat map constructed so far was displayed near the center of the screen, and the spray-paint icon with a number next to it was visible in a panel on the right.  It was a 3.  He would get to paint three specks of the heat map that the AI had not already chosen.

Mike had always loved technology, and programming in particular, and sometimes felt annoyed when other students in his classes would make fun of how to code.  What was so hard about declaring the scope of a variable, or giving hints to the compiler with macros?  It seemed ironic to him that eventually they ended up doing much of the same thing.  He remembered when tagging photos with metadata, and then tweets and posts with hashtags, really took off.  The public didn't care (or know) much about the algorithms used to stitch all the pieces together, to index them for fast retrieval, and eventually to facilitate the machine learning.  But Mike was fascinated.  How amazing that anyone could use a hashtag and the supercomputers would listen?  Anyone could make a contribution to the collective consciousness of the internet, at any time!

Three quick clicks, and Mike was satisfied with his work.  It was a nature scene with a trail and many trees.  The AI had recognized most of the concrete path, but wasn't sure about it fading into the distance.  Maybe it thought it looked like a tree trunk?  Anyway, he had tagged that part, and now the process would be repeated by several of his coworkers, and their consistency would somehow factor into their daily wages.

Some people hadn't liked automation moving into their industry; indeed there were now fewer clerks, pilots and technicians.  Much of the workforce was now explicitly employed to help train the artificial intelligences.  Mike loved the work, and left every day satisfied.  He could even work from home with games on his phone!