Born for War
buddhistmonk0
"Please welcome to the show, with his new book 'Born for War: The Aftermath of the EZRA Project', Dr. Malcolm Greenwood."

"Thank you for having me, Susan."

"It's always a pleasure. Now, before we get started, I wanted to address something you had told me before the show, which just absolutely shocked me. To the viewers who don't know, Dr. Greenwood is a sociologist and a psychologist, and a published expert on the EZRA soldiers. You were a consultant on the EZRA project since the beginning, is that right?"

"That's right, I joined the project in... I think it was May of '32. Sometime around then."

"And you were telling me that this year the suicide rate of the EZRA soldiers has hit 35%."

"And it's still rising. If you want to rephrase that, then it's about one in three. So one out of every three soldiers that made it back from the war has committed suicide."

"Wow. That is absolutely astounding. In your book 'Born for War' you address the factors that have contributed to this high rate of suicide."

"That's right. I also explore the psychological aspects of commanding an army of the EZRA clones."

"Can you elaborate on that?"

"Well we've all heard of the Kandahar Slaughter, the Immolation of Delhi. What makes a commanding officer, like the now-infamous Major Roland Thompson, send an entire brigade of soldiers to their death?"

"Some might argue that these clones should be considered disposable. After all, they were born to replace what used to be the United States Army. They were bred to prevent as many casualties as possible."

"Some might argue that. But that 35% suicide rate doesn't seem so astounding now, does it? Imagine being born to die. Being completely disposable. There was a consistent and absolute disregard for these clones' lives during the war and we're seeing the results of that now."

"You also speak in your book about life at home for the clones."

"Yes. That was, I feel, the biggest oversight of the EZRA project: what do we do with them when the war is over? I'm sure you've seen them around the city. They're trying to make lives for themselves, and many of them are failing. The homelessness rate for the clones is 100 times higher than the average. It's the same story with the drug addiction rate, the homicide rate, and the incarceration rate."

"I'm sure a lot of our viewers have seen this first hand."

"These clones might not be original but they're still human beings. There is this general misconception that the EZRA project inhibited parts of the clones' brains to dim certain emotions like empathy or guilt. I want to clarify this now, on your show, that this is entirely untrue. The truth is these clones are just as human as you or me. We are in the middle of a human right's crisis, and many people just don't realize that. Our country has suddenly become awash with refugees. Soldiers with no army. All they've known is the war. And they come back to an ungrateful nation that doesn't care whether they live or die. We, as a nation, need to step in and own up to our mistakes."

"What mistakes are you referring to?"

"We created life. We generated an entire people and, whether we like it or not, they're here to stay."