Sub-optimization: Part 1
StanleyScience
Mike had learned that throwing temper tantrums wouldn't get him anywhere.  He had them in the usual places like the store and at home, and he wasn't a bad kid.  Mike was sure that he wasn't wrong and that his parents were the problem, but rather than try to confront them directly, he'd manipulate them somehow.  Maybe he'd bother them while they were on the computer, maybe he'd drop a dish at just the right time or annoy his sister until she screamed.  He'd get them back.

Mike's parents sat down in comfortable upholstered chairs in Dr. Henry Chamberlain's office as the neurologist sat down behind his desk.  He could tell they were exasperated but he tried not to judge them.  Although he had greeted them in the waiting room, he deliberately kept making eye-contact and smiled at them warmly.  He took a breath.

"How are you both doing today?"  Henry scrutinized their facial expressions.

"Well, we just can't put up with our son."  Mike's mother Lucy rolled her eyes as his father Stephen appeared slightly disinterested.

"What kind of things does he like to do?"  Henry continued in a conversational tone.

"He bothers us constantly," Mary gestured with her hands. "And he just can't entertain himself."  Henry felt himself starting to lean back in his chair.

Both she and her husband were born after the turn of the 21st century, and like many children growing up at that time had been shoved in front of televisions, computers and (in his mind, worst of all) smartphones.  Henry remembered older people (even though he himself was now squarely in middle age) ranting from their soapboxes on the moral failings of youthful parents.  He had written them off as dinosaurs, although now...

Lucy pulled out her smartphone and started scrolling down.  She was probably looking at some partial differential equations, perhaps calculating a Hamiltonian matrix for a problem in quantum mechanics.  She had gotten her neural implant a few months ago and was still enthralled with the body of human knowledge.

"It sounds like the little guy really gets on your nerves," Henry paused.  "How would you like him to behave?"

Lucy slapped her phone down against her thigh and sighed.  "We want him to relax and for once not start fights with his sister!"  Several seconds later she picked the phone back up.

"Well, I think that can be perfectly normal for a child of Michael's age."

Lucy began to look exasperated and slapped her phone down again.  "Well, we just need him to be dealt with."  As she looked Henry in the eye he pondered what to do.

There was such a large corpus of knowledge regarding psychology and parenting, so why didn't young parents read it?  There were guides, articles, seminars and almost any other form of help available for them.  Henry had been feeling defeated.  He knew they could do it, but just didn't care.  Redesigning simulated microprocessors to beat your friends on a leaderboard was more fun than nurturing a young human being.

"So I know that you and your husband were interested in enrolling your son in the Phoenix Program.  What would you like to discuss?"

Stephen let out a chuckle and stretched his arms out behind his head.  "How soon can we get him in doc?"  He reached for his phone as well, and Henry's own exasperation began to mount.

"The first wave is still in recruitment, and the operation and medical recovery will be virtually identical to your own."  Both of their ears perked up.  "Realistically, we could get him into the implant center in as little as four days."

Smiles crept across their faces.  "And if he were in the program, he would stay at the education center for several months?"  Henry pretty much knew how the rest of this would play out.

"Yes, and during that time you will have supervised visits and learn how to care for him.  Decreasing his intellectual functioning in certain domains will mean he will express himself more emotionally."  Mike's parents immediately locked their gaze onto Dr. Chamberlain.  "But that should allow him to process those emotions and learn to deal with them a lot better."

His parents exchanged glances and Lucy appeared ready to stand up.  "But of course," Henry added quickly, "he can probably be enrolled in the long-term cohort and so he could stay under the study group's care even until adolescence."  Lucy's expression changed immediately and her arms relaxed.  She even began to smile, although Henry found it mostly disgusting.  He wanted to wrap up the conversation.  "Well, I'll send you those forms and you can talk it over, and I would certainly be happy to answer any and all of your questions."

"Thank you doctor!"  Mike's parents smiled and shook his hand, although his father still seemed to be doing something intently on his phone.  After they left, Henry walked around his desk and stared out the window.  So much booksmarts and intellectual understanding.  His eyes lost their focus on the sprawling city beneath him as he sank deeper into his thoughts.  So...where was the humanity?