Smote
tobiasnash
The equatorial ring was made out of two sections, one orbiting outside the other. The outer ring was latticed and open, a shifting network of satellites and struts, cables and components. The entire outer ring was constantly being dismantled and rebuilt as segments transformed and relocated, disconnecting and reconnecting elsewhere. Ships and modules were assembled within it and dispatched to other parts of the solar system, while others returned, bringing materials mined from asteroids and distant moons, maintaining contact with far-flung colonies. 

The outer ring rotated in Low Earth Orbit, just a hundred or so kilometres above the equator, any point on it circumnavigating the Earth many times in an hour. In contrast, the inner ring was suspended beneath it and maintained a geostationary position, riding a maglev rail on the inner surface of its larger sister. Space elevator cables rose up from the surface and connected to the inner ring, transporting people and materials back and forth from the few remaining ground territories who were signatories to the space access treaty, mostly free city-states and ground stations maintained by the Order. 

The robot and the alien stood on a platform in an artificial gravity well generated by a rotating section of a habitat within the ring system. They were arguing.

Why do you humans insist on looking like monkeys? demanded the alien, gesturing at the robot with one tentaculoid limb. Its body was formed similarly to the structure of the outer ring, like the roots of a tree or the synapses in the brain, a branching network of different sized but otherwise interchangeable limbs. 

Im not a human, said the robot. Im a machine.

Youre still part of the human civilization. Whether youre biological, mechanical or something in between is irrelevant. Im not entirely organic in origin but Im still part of the great [tk] civilization. You humans are obsessed with this inefficient, outdated form factor. Thats why this section has to be spun, so you can walk around gracelessly on your big, heavy legs.

We were created in mans image as man was in Gods.

You evolved from apes who evolved from other apes, and you tell yourselves fairy-tales because youre still overly-attached to your simian roots.

"The divine form shall not be sullied," said the machine, gesturing as a winged, glittering form alighted onto the platform on which they stood, folding its wings back and standing, regal, before them. "Behold; the angel of the lord, manifest evidence of the divine order of being from which your heathen existence is an aberration."

"Great, a flying monkey, said the alien, who the angel then summarily smote. 

The aliens last intended words still played over the comms speakers even as its body vanished into nonexistence, the fatal utterance having been transmitted as a single data-packet: 

*...what is this, the Wizard of Oz?*

