Little bit
Sebastian2203
Barricaded away from society, he lets the day pass. Inhaling the same drugs and pills. Layers of smoke from all the marijuana and other gas drugs accumulate all over his surroundings, the couch, the PDA and comm-terminal. 

As he wakes up in his, awfully sober non-toxicated state ,he shuts up his audio alert "EVICTION NOTICE WARNING!" with slam of a palm. He then keeps himself on the couch, lying on his stomach. Unable to fall asleep again, he is forced to stand up. 

His legs immediately remind him of the last week injury, making every step painful. He quickly regrets that he has decided to not take his pills in the morning. He hurts his foot on broken piece of furniture laying around and swears. He then proceeds to realize how stupid it is to collide with an object in almost furniture empty house. The fridge is the intent, as he takes heavy steps towards it he notices the sunlight sweeping in trough the only uncovered window in of the hallway, how annoying. 

After opening the fridge a slight shock comes to him when he realizes it is empty. He tries to check his calendar on top of the fridge but then he remembers he sold it few weeks ago. He goes back to his living room to pick up his PDA. It is August already! 

It is a shame he has to go outside. The sunlight glare is even more piercing outside, and so are the looks of people passing by.

Maybe they are watching because rear part of his pants is missing? Anyway, he calls his mate Ian on PDA.

"So how is the server?" he asks drowsily.
For some reason it takes Ian at least five second to slur out proper response.
"Uhhh..... uh a good... good!"
"Alright.." he replies and ends the call, knowing that Ian is not in the state to reply.

It bothers him bit that a guy who he relied on, to keep his bit-coin server running, is probably getting wasted the same way as he is.

He has nothing against recreational drug use, but who the hell would do it from morning? During a work? It only makes you do bad decisions.

He finally arrives to the credit-terminal, he proceeds to access his account only to dive into deep shock. His account his empty, he is as hell sure that he had thousands of Euro-Credits on it just yesterday!

After arriving home he keeps himself away from drug substances, he badly needs his mind clear to absorb the information.

A call arrives, stating that his server has crashed, and he is not the only one. It is like whole bit-coin industry just fell on knees because of some sabotage.

Since it is going to mean end of his financial stability, he knows he will soon have nothing he will run out of drugs and probably suffer horrible withdrawal symptoms, he decides to call all of his friends.

In no hour, the house is swarming with people all bringing in their own drugs and alcohol. If these are last days of his comfort, he is going to savior every gram of it.

Next morning, hard beats of multiple stereos collide with the police sirens of a hover-craft above the building. Dozens of officers swarm the insides of the building, busting the party down and arresting almost everyone. Then one of the officers opens a door, to see pale body lying on the floor next to at least ten bottles of alcohol.