Climate Change
chenliyong
I'll get them this time.

I've watched them for several months, and I'm pretty sure they're behind some of the policies that affect this planet. One of them is climate change.

As a new reporter of the renowned "NY Time Travel" magazine, I need a big story for my debut. Popular reporter has no problem interviewing 'sacred' figures in science community, and that has been my big goal in the near future. What's best than unraveling this mysterious conspiracy which nobody can done over the past five decades? Furthermore, there's this tip from a trustworthy source that a secret meeting will be held inside the New York city hall, which will discuss some shady policy regarding climate change.

So here I am, sneaking through the backdoor and air vents to find the exact place of the meeting. The security is surprisingly overwhelming for a simple meeting, so I'm guessing there's something really going on, and I'm not taking chance being busted.

I have spent a few hours of searching and waiting on the air vents, but I've found nothing so far. But then these gentlemen in business suit walked by beneath me and talking in language I've never heard of. I got suspicious of them and start crawling in their direction. They entered a room and closed the door behind them, but the air vents stopped right outside. Dammit! Once I determined that everything is safe, I crawled out of the air vent, and entered the toilet right next to the room. I could heard faint mumbles over the wall, but it's too vague to get any words.

Suddenly the door to the toilet flew open, and some of the men raised gun and point it to my head. I froze in panic.

"Say your last prayer," he said while pulling the trigger. I shut my eyes and screamed in horror, but no sound came from my lung. All of my muscle tensed up.

"... is what I'd like to say," I suddenly heard him talking again. "But my boss wanted to talk to you. He has been waiting for you. Come inside."

WHAT? What the hell just happened? I opened my eyes. Two of the men moved forward and grabbed my arm forcefully. I then escorted into the meeting room, where there's around three dozen other men in suit sitting around a round meeting table.

"Mr. Davis, I presume," one of the men rose to meet me. This one looks like older than the other ones. "You can call me Mr. Fisch. Or you can just simply address me, Sir." he smiled. "Forgive my boys for the mistreatment. Please, have a seat." one of the men took a seat for me.

"I see that you're a little bit confused. But as you're here, I can say that our informant's tips reached you," he brushed his chin. Dammit, so that office boy sold me out? I've even bought him lunch! "But his information is true. We've held routine meetings to talk about climate change for decades here, a change for the better."

I put a mocking smile. "Well, I say you're all doing a very poor job at that."

He smiled back. "Who said it's better for you? It's for us."

"Who's us? The companies? Yeah I can see that."

He laughed and walked toward the board on the wall. With a gesture, the board lit up like a giant LCD screen, shown up the map of the world, complete with some information I don't understand. Some areas like the North America, European, and part of Asia continents has some green glow over it.

"You see, Mr. Davis, there's something you need to know here before we can talk on the same ground, and I'll bring you up to speed," he swipe the board, and the board shown a wireframe image of a planet. "Here's a little hint, " he moved close to my left ear and whispered, "We're not from the earth."

I got chill all over my body. Partially because I'm not used with a man whispering so close to my ear, but also because this looks so real that it felt like a big prank. "This... this is a joke, right?"

"A joke? Is this looks like a joke to you?" Mr. Fisch took of his gloves and reveal his four fingered slimy hand, which looks like a lizard feet. "We're from earth's neighbor planet. And from where we came from, we take joke very seriously."

"Wh... what? But why you came here?"

"It's simple, we just want to turn your planet into a more hospitable place for us to live, before we rule over this planet," he took off his jacket, reveal further more slimy arms. His face started to crack in the middle. I panicked and tried to buy some time.

"But... but Mars is cold! Isn't that you should make the earth cooler instead of make it hotter?"

He suddenly froze. His eyes told me that he's insulted. "Mars?" He moved his face forward. His then yellow eyes met mine. "You watched too much of The Martians. We're not Martians. We're Venusian. We're real."

And with that, his face opened into four way jaws, revealing thousands of small sharp teeth inside. And it went straight for my head.