Crooked Warfare
Jimmy_Acha
This planet was situated in one of the denser parts of the Milky Way Galaxy, closer to its center. The levels of radiation over there were generally higher, than in the other parts, and the possibility of getting hit by some minor celestial body was by any means not low. Moreover, the planets position in relation to its star was far from perfect  it was almost too close and the temperature was almost too high for life to evolve on it. But nevertheless, in these harsh conditions life forms were able to form and to develop. Since the very first primitive ones and up to the first sentient, they had to fight for the scarce vital resources, outliving asteroid hits and radical temperature changes. It was no surprise that the emergence of humanoid creatures led to endless wars among various groups of them. Apart from surviving and fighting, aborigines didnt have time for anything else. 

However, this seemingly poor planet had something that attracted the attention of much more advanced interstellar neighbors. It was a particular radioactive element, which the some of the advanced alien species used to fuel their spaceships. The reluctance of various extraterrestrial fractions to have a direct conflict over the resource, combined with the conflict nature of the aborigines, led to rival groups of strangers supporting one or another fraction of combating natives with an aim of controlling as many radioactive deposits as possible. 

Alien strangers preferred to compete with each other through trade rather than military confrontation. And the recent intensification of interstellar commerce meant that the essential radioactive element became even more important than before. This meant that the potential winner had to control most if not all of the elements deposits on the war-torn planet, as it was the biggest source of the vital fuel component in the observable sector of the galaxy. So the extraterrestrials started providing their situational allies among the natives with even more weapons than before. This time the provided weaponry was more advanced, especially compared to that which the aborigines were able to make by themselves. As each of the outside interest groups was afraid that their proxies will lose the battle for the territories with most of the deposits, the fighting has intensified so much that the combating fractions of natives virtually cancelled each other out, causing heavy damage and making the conditions on the planet even harsher than they naturally were. 

Seeing that the militaristic proxy approach has led to a deadlock, outsiders began to think about some sort of an agreement, which wouldve allowed them to share the essential element deposits. Meanwhile, a particular fraction of aborigines started to rapidly gain popularity on the planet. Being built on the religious grounds, its representatives attracted supporters through promising universal justice, and blaming the strangers for the situation that the whole planet appeared to be in. With the help of persuasion, oppressive measures and military force, the religious fraction quickly gained control over the most part of the planets territories, including the ones with biggest radioactive deposits. And of course the refusal of submission to their interstellar neighbors became one of the key elements of their ideology.  

So when the outsiders managed to draft some sort of an agreement and wanted to introduce it to their respective proxies, they found out that none of the outside interest groups has significant allies on the planet anymore, and a particular religious fraction of the aborigines became an overwhelming power there. And this fraction has been categorically refusing to cooperate. The aliens didnt like that at all. After a new round of negotiations, they decided to carry out a joint military operation in order to overthrow the religious regime, and solve the issue of deposits ownership afterwards. 

At first, the outsiders joint operation seemed to be successful, as they managed to quickly recapture some of the planets territories. But when the alien allies began to approach the lands with the large radioactive material deposits, they suddenly started to suffer significant losses. It turned out that the regime managed to organize some sort of scientific activity, at least the one related to weaponry. And the aboriginal scientists found out that the notorious radioactive element is suitable not only for the advanced spaceships, which the natives of course didnt have, but also for the creation of hugely destructive ammo. The massive power of the newly discovered weapons compensated for their mediocre accuracy, which made the further territorial gains impossible for the aliens, at least without sustaining heavy losses. In fact, the extraterrestrial coalition had to leave the planet altogether. 

The alien fractions imposed the blockade on the unruly regime, which left the planet without the supplies of certain scarce resources that it was getting from the stellar systems of the former outside patrons. The blockade didnt have any short-term effect though, so the outsiders had to look for the radioactive element deposits elsewhere, meanwhile getting losses because the speed of interstellar trade had to be reduced, as the spaceships were not getting enough fuel. The distressful turbulent planet finally got an opportunity to stew in its own juice. 