"Kirstenian Exceptionalism" (990 words)
jedamitchell
When did you first know?

Juta did not wait for Kir-stenyas response. She just went back to that gulf of darkness, where the rest of the apothecarium lay dark and cold too, beyond the rays of light that shone on the gray-haired interloper from Earths past...Kir-sten'ya. Juta hoped the light warmed her, protected her too.

So this was her. The legend

Kir-stenya was laid out on a medical table next to Giuseppe, and the tubes and machines that connected the two intoned beeps and hisses, each sound in beat to the lights that flashed on-and-off on the medical console. Safely on board the Chartres, still in orbit around 617 Patroclus, they would stay here until Giuseppe was in a stable condition.

And Kir-stenya, still had no idea about her identity. Lost in the fugue of history -- and 76 years adrift in space.

Since childhood. I knew I was weirder than the other kids.

Juta took another look at Kirsten. A tougher one this time.

You really are an exceptionalist! You really think you dont belong with everyone else, huh?

Kir-stenya looked sheepish, nodded a little. Juta sighed, softened her looks with a smile -- sighed again  -- and resumed.

Fine, fine. I opened the door to all this. Lets do it. Lets talk aboutyour blood.

Kir-sten'ya cleared her throat.

Well, it begins after the Lone Star Empires attack on my home. There was no fresh water in all of newER Orleans. After the invasion. A Texian solder found me. Such dreary days or the cityand a young girl.An infestation of insects descended on the city. They fed off the deadthen the wounded and dying. Then the living. This, as you can imagine, or notI dont know what you all count at a scourge.

The Mad Duke. Ves Calabus.

Kir-sten'ya twisted her mouth into an O-shape, then relaxed.

The more I hear about this Mad Duke, the more I think I met him before. Fatal attraction for tyrants, I guess.

Do go on Kir-sten'ya. Please.

Kir-sten'ya raised her hand to her face and pointed a finger upwards. To stab her thought in mid-air.

Right. Of course. Soinsects. Lots of them. Drove the people crazy. Some just wanted to be dead. There were mass suicides. Thats what I must have looked like. Another of the recent dead.

Juta stepped into the light for a second, then returned to the shadows. She had paced for the last few hours.
So why didnt they dispose of you?

Kir-sten'ya leaned her head back against the cold table.

Because I was found in the Notable wards of the city. The Notables agreed to allow Billy Bob to invade newER Orleans. But he had to allow their representatives to identify the bodies of the dead. Copywrite laws. Identity-theft. The Notables have to sanction the stealing of identities. Even when theyre dead.
	
Juta was in the dark again.

Oh boys and girls, and ladies and gentlemen. I never did understood the entertainarchy of the Von Strauven Imperium.

Dont look at me. I was Caliban to their Prospero. Just struggling to be me.
It worked, didnt it? Even then. Being in this Notable ward, clearly helped you survive?

Kir-sten'ya lifted her head up to look at Juta. Her dark eyes had captured the light from the overhead lamp, and now glowed hazel.

Indeed.the Texian soldier stuck a flag in me -- literally.
Kir-sten'ya laughed. Or tried to. Juta noticed her discomfort.
Whats so funny?
I wonder if those Texians ever learned how to use doors.

Juta tilted her head. Kir-sten'yas recovery of memories had no logic, or pattern. For the last few hours Kir-sten'ya had mentioned numerous names, yet never could exactly identify the personalities. She only gave brief anecdotes, usually funny, and only to Kir-sten'ya.
 
We shall get into your own threshold, much later. For nowyour talent.

Yes. I know the Texians used the flag to identify me as a Notable. So. I was retrieved. Taken to a morgue, where the dead go.

Uh huh. I know what a morgue is. I visited the Earth once. My first trip by myself. Like I was aforeign exchange student.

Huh? Dont get it? You did? Hmmm. Well have to compare notes sometime.

Juta looked at Giuseppe and sighed. She remembered the trip. She lost a great deal of friends. Caught in the bloody clandestine games of the Earth. When the Earth received a second moon. Ceres. A moon forassassins.

You can count on it. But back tothis story. How did the people at the morgue know what was wrong with you?

Blood work.

Blood work.

Juta checked the machines. For the last hour, a series of pumps had extracted small amounts of Giuseppes tainted blood, and injected it into Kir-sten'ya. Satisifed with the progress, she continued.
 
So.thats when they made their big discovery.

Kir-sten'ya gave a crooked grin.

Thats when they realized what I could do.

And what: allowed the poison to have its way?

No. They tried an antidote. But the antigens in my blood attacked it. This must have intrigued them.

Indeed.

In the name of science, they did experiments. They let me battle away. For a week or something. Thats when I began to wake up. And they told me what had happened. I had drank a bottle of pesticide.

Juta smiled, and marveled really, at the talent of this woman before her. Her body could transmute poisons. Transform them into something else. A cure.

You really must have been thirsty, if you drank a whole bottle ofthis pesticide.

Hey! Smelled like soda. It was cherry flavor. To attract the insects.

Kir-sten'ya laughed, though not with her usual fervor. The venom in Giuseppes blood had a distinct flavor. An intense flavor. It had begun to make Kir-sten'ya quite ill.

Oh yes. And hijinks always ensued. Let me say this: Texas on a few occasions sent killers who used poisons. Those were some good tasting drinks too!
