You know who's going to inherit Mars? Arms dealers.
DangoDemolisher
Was I tired of the drugs or were the drugs tired of me, no matter, nothing some Powderberry ale couldnt work out. Im not really sure who this woman was, drifting around with me, and hopefully she forgets whatever I might owe her.  The screaming alarm coming from the ships console snapped me back to business. We had parked on the dark side of the moon to avoid detection. Stows full, we were waiting. Gun running was a full time job, and the Mars colonies always had buyers. 
 
Her tits jiggled a bit at she coughed in her sleep. Whatever she was on was strong enough to keep her out, fucking druggies.  

The ship began to ascend up from the surface, apparently at vomit inducing speeds. My friend was now fully awake and searching for something to barf in.

What the fuck is your problem, she managed to get out before spewing space chunks all over her side of the console. 

We were on a tight schedule, and I had no time to explain that. The window of time the moon blocked the detection array was only seconds. I punched the throttle full and past the array we went, just a few short hours and we would be in orbit around little red. 

And that was a really good plan, but apparently we were not alone. I was worried we had tripped the array, but no, it was pirates, fucking pirates. 

Do you know how to fire a turret, I asked her.

Kinda, she muttered.

So go do it, I demanded. She unbuckled and floated her way to the main turret. Do you see those incoming torpedoes, I screamed.

She was good, there were two ships and she was handling them like a pro. Fucking heap wasnt gonna travel any faster though, and they were gaining on us.  I launched the limited spread of torpedoes we had, disabling one of the ships. It didnt matter though, they were closing in.  An explosion came from the back of the ship. The engines were hit.

In what seemed like seconds they had already attached to the universal docking port. I threw my pink haired friend a gun. We were past words at this point. The port slammed open and fire started coming through. I laid cover fire and signaled for her to leave the turret so we could fight side by side. 

They were in heavy armor and soaked up our fire with little problem as they boarded the ship. Just two of them though, there was still a chance.  

Cover me, I shouted to her as I moved to pull the cover off the front stow.  Who the fuck boards gun runners ship?  I pulled out a StarDazzel 9000 from the stow.

My pink haired friend had moved up a bit to give me better cover. Thats when a shot ripped through her mid-section.  She fucking took one to cover me.  I pulled the trigger and hundred cal self-correcting bullets tore through the pirates heavy armor, Fucking amateurs.

I ran to my pink haired friend and muttered, You took one for me.

You were so good to me.

Obviously it must have been the lack of blood as I wasnt good to anybody. Maybe this was the time to start though, even if letting her die might save me some credits.

Look youre gonna be okay, I reached for the med kit. It was just a single bullet wound. This is for the pain, I said as I injected her full of meds.

Not the kinda pink I was into but whatever. The time I spent in the corp as a field surgeon was gonna pay off big for her.  The bullet had gone clean through and it was just a matter of patching up holes.  

I finished closing her up and drugged her a bit more.  Fucking druggies, always so damn tolerant. Maybe though, maybe she could turn it around. Maybe that was what I was gonna do? Make sure she gets cleaned up.

The pirate ship was still clamped on and my engines were shot to shit.  Cant really call anybody with a stow full of guns. What to do? I looked over the damage, nothing I couldnt rig on the quick, and we were drifting pretty fast towards Mars anyway. So I got to work.

She woke up from her drug nap gasping you you saved my life.

I guess I did.

Where are we going?

To little red.

The gun deal went smooth but I didnt even care. Some friends of mine ran a clinic on the colony. I was gonna get her cleaned up, hell, I was gonna get cleaned up too.  I owed her that. 
 
