Boxland
Pizzaface4372
Bill 1

	It's been far too long since anyone's written anything down, because paper has become that valuable a resource to waste on anything but survival. That's all we have now, just paper. Paper and cardboard. Still, it feels important to document something, anything about the present era, although many others would disagree, and by writing on these dollar bills you hold now, I've most likely angered you. Surely, any fool knows not to use the precious material for anything so trivial as writing, you must think me an idiotic human being for putting it to such a use. But please, finish reading these before you use them to help reinforce your own shelter, because while paper is valuable, the words laced into these bills are more so than you could imagine.

Bill 2

	It's hard to believe over twenty years have passed since the governments of the world collaborated to form the departure, foreseeing the invasion of the Lanterns. If you're too young to recall, the governments took those who could afford it away from Earth, to Planet Promise, which they had so conveniently discovered shortly after the presence of the Lanterns had been revealed. Of course, if you couldn't afford it, then you were left for dead, awaiting the invasion. They took every last resource they could find with them, except for paper and other similar materials, as they had previously discovered somehow-perhaps through an intercepted signal of sorts-that the invaders lived off of such flammable resources, earning them their namesake.

Bill 3

	With the departees safe in space-with no paper on board whatsoever-the Lanterns wouldn't be deterred by their departure, and would instead continue with their invasion as planned. Those were-ironically-dark times when they first came, and humanity had nothing to defend itself with but paper, which the Lanterns would only devour eagerly. It's far more rare to see one now, and unless you're foolish enough to venture outside the wetlands for long, you probably haven't seen one either. An old friend describes them as ten-foot tall spider-like creatures, with three branch-like legs, long bodies resembling tree trunks, with three glowing orange eyes, and scaly coal-like skin. She also went on to describe a raging fire, constantly emitting from the tops of their torsos, where they devour their food. You have most likely been fortunate enough not to encounter one, otherwise, you wouldn't be alive, reading this right now.

Bill 4

	This is what humanity as we know it has come to: hunting, hiding, foraging, and living among the wetlands of the world, in large, makeshift shelters of cardboard and paper, as rain soaks through, and drips down onto the soggy floors. The Lanterns wouldn't dare venture out here, where everything is wet all the time, would they? Water is their weakness after all. But what if they dry up? I know it's a hard truth to accept, especially after everything you've probably been through in today's world, but the wetlands very well could dry up. Already they've gotten significantly drier than they used to be, so how long before they go from mud, to dirt? From swamp, to forest? Not to mention, cardboard and paper are growing scarce out there, now only found within the danger zones, where the Lanterns patrol frequently, how long before they become unobtainable? There would be nothing to keep the damp shelters from collapsing, and that would be the end of Boxland, and other inhabited areas.

Bill 5

	While things may seem bleak, there is yet a chance at hope. You see, there was no such Planet Promise for the richest to travel to. That was a setup. An audible gasp could be heard when everyone realized what was going on. All citizens please follow your guides below the surface, please. Said the loudspeaker. The starship was fake, they all must've been; the governments were taking the rich to live safely underground, in secretly built cities, to wait out the invasion. Upon hearing the news, some people tried to leave the fake starship, but few made it out. To this day, it's hard to determine whether having made it out was lucky, or unlucky... When everyone else made it down safely, the fake starship launched into space, with the illusion of purpose held in the watching eyes of lower-class citizens. The rich are living comfortably, in colossal subterranean cities, while the rest of humanity is left to fend off the monstrous Lanterns. Well now, here are two words of advice: start digging.