Otto's Demise (Chapter 1)
None
A spectacle of lights zipped above. The mechanical roar that followed shook every window of every shop surrounding us. Fearing the glass would shatter we jumped off the curb and into the street. Emmanuelle covered her ears, Bombers! We watched them until they hid behind the citys skyline. 

A slim man in a grey uniform with bright orange insignia surprised us. Our gaze was shifted and we quickly ran in the other direction. Come back here! The cold wind penetrated my body as I ran and gasped for air. As we darted down the street the night sky turned into day. The light reflected off every pool of water scattered across the pavement. The slim man stopped abruptly. He looked into my eyes and then began to run in the opposite direction. We ran off into an alley.

What the hell was that!? Jean began to cry out of fear. Emmanuelle consoled him, We better get home. Sirens began to blare. The sound pierced my body and sent us into a state of panic. Lets go! I remember saying.

That was a long time ago, but I can remember it vividly. I sometimes wonder if my life would of been any different never witnessing what happened that night. Honey can you grab some bread from the store today? Bread? Yeah, why? My wife walked into the kitchen. Im thinking we should go on a picnic this weekend. Picnic? The word sounded familiar. Yeah, you know those drawn out lavish meals people used to have outside back in the day. Sounds interesting, Ill get the bread. I got up from the table and continued with my morning routine. I stepped outside the apartment building and into the busy street. Oh shit. I forgot the money for the bread. I ran up the stairs, opened the door and there she was. I knew youd come back. I grabbed the coins from her hand and gave her a kiss. Andrea, youre the greatest person to ever step into my life. She smiled, Yeah whatever. Go to work, youre going to be late. Youre not working today? Shes usually leaves to go to work before I do. She hesitated, We have the day off because of.. I interrupted, Oh. Yeah, that makes sense. Well Ill see you after work.

Good morning Otto. My secretarys usual greeting. Good morning Jon. Any word from Lancaster? The generals courier dropped off this message. I grabbed the letter from Jons hands. Thank you. I opened the door to my office and closed my blinds. I compared the letter to the key that I was given by the military. 

> It's still operating underground. 
> After 20 years since the incident there is significant evidence to justify another military attack. 
 
A knock on the door startled me, Yes? The door opened, Hi, can I step in? I recognized her. Emmanuelle? Youve got quite the fancy set up, reminds me of your fathers. I was in disbelief, Its, its been.. 20 years, She finished my sentence. I know. After they took you away I didnt know how to get in contact with you. I.. I gave up. I didnt figure youd pick up where your parents left off. Why would she I dont want to talk about that. Why are you here? I was thinking about you. I was thinking about how life was like growing up. Back when this, She looked around, when this was different. I miss those days! I cleared my throat and changed back to a professional tone, Things change for the better, Emmanuelle. I think its best we reschedule to meet another day. I walked around my desk and escorted her out of my office.



Im scared. I cried. Emmanuel grabbed me by the shirt, Help me. We began to kick at the back door to the meat shop. The door flew upon. Come on Jean! He ran into into the room with us. There! I pointed to stairs that lead into the basement. The sirens continued to blare. The air began to whistle. We screamed, tripping over each other frantically attempting to run down the stairs. Ive never experienced it before but I knew what was happening when I felt the ground shake. Why are they bombing us? Theyre not! Its  The ceiling collapsed.



Are you alright? Yeah I just had a bad dream. I got out of bed, and began to dress myself. Was it about your parents? I gave my wife a half-assed smile, Im fine. 
