Another Kind of Apocalypse
Jimmy_Acha
There were three of them walking towards me. I wasnt careful enough, and stepped on an empty plastic bottle. The three creatures have heard the noise, so they started moving in its direction. I was actually lucky, that there were only three, as Ive recently seen much bigger hordes. Anyway, I had to get out of there, as standing in the wide, open street is not the best idea, when you have a bunch of zombies going after you. Ive increased my speed, trying to find the best place to hide on the go. The zombies have spotted me, and have also accelerated, so I had to start running. Beating the zombies up with a baseball bat, which I had in my backpack, was not a good solution  extra noise couldve attracted even more of the creatures. I also had to find where I can eat something and have a snooze, as I was a little exhausted already. Meanwhile, when I turned back, there were only two of them, the third had disappeared somewhere. 

Finding a shelter in the middle of a spacious suburb was not easy. Finally Ive found some small product shop, quickly got into it and blocked the front door. It seemed like somebody had taken away all the goods long before me. Ive managed to find a can of Coke and a bag of chips though  at least something to have for dinner. Suddenly Ive heard rustling from one of the ancillary rooms. I carefully opened the door to the room, which the sound was coming from, and had to back off immediately. An undead, who was wearing some sort of astronauts uniform, jumped straight on me, almost grabbing my shoulders. Unfortunately for the zombie, he fell down, and this time my baseball bet came in handy. I cleared the bet off the zombies brains, and managed to find a pistol, attached to the belt of the weirdly dressed ghoul. Sadly, there was no ammo. Could find it later, perhaps, but for now the pistol goes to the backpack. It was time to have dinner, so Ive locked myself in one of the rooms which had the smallest single window  in order not to attract extra attention  and had my simple eatables. Have decided to switch on the radio for a few minutes, but all Ive heard were the coordinates of the evacuation point. And thats where I was heading to. In fact, I was very close. It was getting dark, so it seemed reasonable to have some sleep before the final stride. 

When the morning came, I decided not to waste any time, and moved out almost immediately. The zombies, who were following me yesterday, were out of sight  perhaps, theyve lost my trail. I was carefully walking along the empty street, being already rather close to the final destination, which was the military base outside the city. The evacuation point had to be organized over there. Or at least the radio broadcasts said so. Unfortunately for me, around the next corner Ive spotted a large migrating horde of the undeads. They obviously saw me too, as they quickly started walking after me; some of them seemed to be almost running. Too bad I didnt have any ammo for the pistol, which Ive found previous evening. There was even almost nowhere to hide this time; the way to the closest buildings was blocked by the horde. I had to run to some abandoned five-storey condo, but wasnt able to lock the entrance door properly. So the zombies got into the building almost straight after me. Ive reached the last floor, but the undeads were going to be there within a minute or two. The only choice I had was jumping out of the window. Which I did, when the first creatures appeared on the fifth floors staircase. The landing was painful, I immediately passed out. 

I came to in the armchair at my flat. A virtual reality device was on my head, kindly suggesting to start a new game. The neural shock, caused by jumping out of the window, mustve been a bit too strong, so it made the VRs software to shut down. I felt hungry and exhausted, as I did set the simulation for only a couple of hours, but because of some glitch Ive spent almost sixteen hours in the virtual apocalyptic world. The error was not so surprising actually, as my friend, whom Ive borrowed the device from, told me that this was a test sample, and that the unpleasant failures were still possible. That was the price for the outstanding realism. I looked at my watch, and understood that have missed my final university exams. Now, this also felt terribly apocalyptic, and by far most realistic. But, I guess, it wasnt the type of realism, which the developers intended to achieve. 