Mindblown
frankz0509
One realization put me to where I am now.

You see, time is but a perceptive construct. Time is merely the lag of the universe, or the measure of how long it takes for something to get to point B from A. The measure of how long it takes for nerve impulses to reach the neurons. Of how long it takes for my mind to register the cold steel of this revolver.
You see, there's really no "past", "present", or "future". Those are just words to describe how much our perception has already processed.

Einstein said that the universal speed limit is that of the speed of light. Roughly 300 million meters per second. What if he's wrong? What if everything is actually unbound by speed and that's just how long our minds take to process each step of perception?

Imagine if throwing a ball were instantaneous. When I hurl it towards you, in my perception the ball traveled from point A to B. Your perception agrees with mine. That's because of our relative distances. But what if... the ball has always been in your hands and mine, and "distance" and "time" are actually just the mind's lag of perceiving the infinitely nonlocal universe?

Without a universal speed limit, everything that will ever happen already has. The past is merely the earlier things that our minds were able to process. It hasn't gotten around to processing the "future" yet, because it takes something like 300 million meters per second for the signals to enter our brain.

Therefore, while I was explaining this to you, I've already pulled the trigger. I'm already dead.

I was dead the moment I was born.

So is anybody actually alive? Or are we just experiencing it this "slowly" because of our mind's lag?

So is free will just an illusion? If everything were instantaneous, then everything has already been decided. It's just giving us the illusion of choice because of how long our minds take to process it.

Yep, you're already dead.

Yep, the big bang is happening now, and so is the collapse of the universe.

What do I experience after I pull this trigger then?

Guess we'll find out.