Popping the bubble
StanleyScience
Terrorism was coming to a halt as airplanes were safe once more!  The targeted "micro-fMRI" scanners, now standard at all security checkpoints, could sniff out anyone undercover.  It turns out that when you pretend, your own true thoughts and emotions become hidden in smaller parts of your brain, while your persona takes over most other regions.  Not to say that things are the same.  Those emotions are simulated and virtualized, while your true self hides in "bubbles" at the periphery of your brain.

The scanners had obvious appeal, and any would-be terrorist attempting to pass himself off as an ordinary citizen was quickly apprehended.  Although news traveled quickly and they began to choose different targets, scanners would appear there soon enough as well.  The complementary technology of Electromagnetic Functional Pocket Disruption (EFPD), more colloquially known as "popping the bubble", disrupted neural circuits in just the right way that someone's true inner self would once again inhabit the majority of his or her brain.  And since they could no longer hide, they had to answer questions honestly.  Sleeper cells were uncovered, leading to the uprooting of entire terrorist networks.

But things didn't stop there.  Commoditization brought prices down drastically.  Scanners, and even "bubble poppers", crept up overnight in almost every location.  Of course police departments acquired them early, but eventually they reached office buildings, schools and even large public parks.  And not one, but two separate daytime talk-shows made use of the devices to the chagrin of some of their participants.  The results of paternity tests were hit-or-miss, sometimes not inciting the desired reactions on camera.  But everyone could sink their teeth into uncovered lies and scandals!

A few short years later, they even began to make inroads into the residential sector.  Parents could know exactly how much their children studied, what they ate, and where they were going.  That's not to say there wasn't a bit of anger and resentment.  But the devices were just so useful!

Eventually, the final logical step was taken.  Self-Scanners and Disruptors (SSD, though usually referred to as "personal poppers") could serve as an individual's own truth serum and keep them honest.  But by then the world had become a much more drab place.  What else could happen when there was no more pretending?