Bleak Earth Part 2: The Departure
_John_Locke_4815
[Part 1](https://www.reddit.com/r/shortscifistories/comments/3ov6ko/bleak_earth_part_1_the_event/)

Cory Amos looked at the shuttle with butterflies in his stomach. He missed Earth greatly, especially his family and friends in that small Alaska town. Two other people were on the mission with him. A biologist named Malcolm Ianden and a geologist named Katharine Grenvich. The three of them got in the shuttle and prepared to leave Citadel's spaceport. Cory was the pilot. After about thirty minutes of preparation, they left Mars. Cory hoped to see if his family was still alive, Malcolm hoped for mementos to bring back to his cabin, and Katharine wanted to visit her parents' graves for the last time. But their main mission was to find and rescue as many humans as they could find, and they could not forget that.

They landed on Earth on February 4, 2129, six weeks after departure, and you would not recognize the world as Earth, or February. They landed in Point Barrow, Alaska, in a huge desert. When the trio got out, wearing spacesuits, a blast of wind with several bits of rock and steel hit them like a hurricane. *What a storm*, Cory thought. It was 12:34 in the noon, when they got to a worn down cabin, that looked like it was built over a thousand years ago, but it was built only ten years prior. By Cory.

"I built this such a long time ago," Cory said softly. He ran to it, past the buried motorcycle he used to travel across the continent, past the truck that his wife, Linda, always used, to the door and swung it open to see two bodies sitting in the corner next to each other, surrounding a candle. One of them, a Native American woman, looked up and dropped her jaw. Cory did likewise.

"Cory, is that you?" the woman whispered.

"Yes. It's me," Cory replied, getting choked up. "Devon?"

The other body looked up. "Dad! Oh my God it's you!"

"Come on, guys. We need to get you into the shuttle."

"What? Why?"

"I'm taking you to a Martian colony called the Citadel. I teach at the military academy there!"

"Yeah lets do it!" Cory helped his family to their feet and to the shuttle. The other two astronauts were already gone into the local town of Barrow to see if there were any other humans in town. But through the storm, Cory could not see the bright colored shuttle or feel the metal. Cory tried contacting the astronauts, but no message would go through. Cory was now trapped on an alien planet, where he was born.