Neurotranslator
arjunks
Dyson looked at his patient: a placid, wrinkled old man. From the back of his skull protruded a black cable that led to a big, humming metal box next to his bed that was, in turn, connected to a large, wall-mounted screen, right over his head. It was showing the inside of the room... from the patient's perspective.

The doctor raised his eyes to meet the ones of his colleague, Michael Lantern - the architect of the metal mechanism. They turned to the waiting crowd.

"Dear guests," Dyson said with flair, "meet our dear Mr. Sange. At 89 years, he has lived a full life. He was diagnosed with various cancers a few months back and is now - regrettably  nearing the end of it.

"As you all know, Mr. Sange is the first person to have undergone the necessary surgery to attach a neurotranslator to his brain. This, in essence, gives us the unique ability to view the world through the patient's eyes."

"Im sorry, a reporter interrupted, "But I fail to see how this is different than simply placing cameras in the patients eyes.

"I'll take this one," Lantern said. "Sir, let me assure you that my machine is much more significant than that.

"What we see on the screen is not merely the light intercepted by Mr. Sange's eyes: it is the process of the brain translated into images and sounds. One example of how this is different is that we can view Mr. Sange's dreams."

Hushed awe swept the room.

"And now, ladies and gentlemen," Dyson interjected, "you will have the unique privilege to be present in an historic moment

"The moment humanity first glimpses *past the veil of death!"*

Murmurs erupted in the crowd.

"It has been sufficiently documented that the brain continues to function well beyond the moment of death, he went on. If that function can be translated into video, then that's what we will see."

A nurse that was standing by the bed gave Dr. Dyson a nudge: it was time.

"I'm being informed that the time has come. Good-bye, Mr. Sange... and thank you."

The patients vitals flat-lined. Everyone turned to the screen.

It remained black for a few seconds.

But then, there was motion! Lights flickered about Mr. Sange's vision. They formed the image of a stone tunnel through which the patients consciousness was travelling. A light could be seen in the distance.

Everyone was holding their breath as the light steadily engulfed the entire screen.

Suddenly, static. The word 'ERROR' appeared in big, red letters.

"Ah," someone said, "it seems your machine has its limitations, Mr. --"

He cut his sentence short at the sight of Michael Lantern, whose eyes were wide with horror, fixated on the error message.

"That's not to say it's not an amazing discovery!" the reporter hurried to add.

Dr. Dyson turned to him. "No, its... my colleague and I..."

They glanced at each other.

"...we never programmed an error message into the machine."
