TIL it started as a joke
nonviolent_blackbelt
When the first mission to Mars was in the planning stages, someone
made a practical joke. In those days, NASA was full of intelligent,
dedicated people, some of whom were practical jokers. 

So the cargo manifest for the first mission contained a package of
potatoes marked "M. Watney, emergency supplies", a reference to an
early 21st century movie "The Martian", where a sack of potatoes
played a vital role in the survival of an astronaut.

The joke was thought funny because all the people in the first Mars
mission had watched and been inspired, at one time or another, by the
great three movies about early space exploration: "Apollo Thirteen",
"The Martian" and "Sat-E-Light!"  (If you like history, old
technology, or steam-punk, they are still worth a watch and you can get
them off any film studies site).

Now, while it was funny to include a sack of potatoes and ship it to
Mars, nobody would think it funny to ship them back (have you tried
getting a DHL quote for shipping from Mars lately? It's still no
joke), so the potatoes were scheduled to be eaten. But because they
were classified as emergency supplies, they were scheduled for the
last meal on Mars. 

And why not? They are caloric, hypoallergenic, and unlikely to upset
anybody's digestion. Which makes them perfect for a last meal when
you'll spend a time being too busy to eat, and unable to afford the
time to coddle an upset tummy.

Apparently, 21st century astronauts were superstitious, because from
then on, every flight to Mars had a small sack of potatoes on it, and
they always ate them on the last day. And when the Percival dropped
off the Planitia colony, the last meal the colonists shared with the crew
was, you guessed it, potatoes.

As time passed, every time people said goodbye to each other on Mars,
they served a potato dish, because it just felt right. (They served
them on other occasions, too, just like you can eat cranberry sauce when it's
not thanksgiving). But the usage entered their slang, so saying
someone "got a potato dinner" meant that person was fired or otherwise
gone, and corporate downsizers often got called "potato canons". The
"Martian Apprentice" show even trademarked the phrase "here's your
potato".

Therefore the small sack of potatoes enclosed with the Independent
Mars Declaration was not, as some suggested, "a means of showing that
Mars can provide all the food it needs", nor was it an obscene
suggestion as the politician-I-shall-not-name accused.

They were simply the Martian way of saying "It's been nice, but now
it's time to part. So long, and thanks for all the fish".
