The Prisoner and the Pen
StanleyScience
The plea bargain failed and so Carson had less than an hour.  He didnt remember much of anything, most likely due to some manner of experimentation performed on him upon his imprisonment.  Maybe it was better that way, he couldnt decide.  In a bizarre way it was nice to see the prison outside of his cell, even if it all looked the same.  How long had he been in this prison?  Where was it, and why was he there?  His thoughts began to fold into infinite loops, scrambling for the fabric of life that interleaves thoughts into memories.  But it didnt work.  He couldnt find the edges of what he needed to hold on to.

A door opened, much to his surprise.  They must have come to the end of the hallway.  The two men who had been by his side released their grasp and pushed him forward.  The door slammed shut behind him.  Carsons eyesight blurred as the brightness of the room almost blinded him.  He made out a table and a desk and for a moment he just stood there, not thinking of anything.  Was this it, some manner of execution?  Or maybe he was free?  No, it had to be a last rite.  Thick bars of haze slowly sharpened down into lines, and Carson noticed the paper and pen in front of him.  It must be for his last words.

Somewhere within him a sense of urgency began to build.  The door would open, maybe not the same one but a door would open.  How much time did he have left?  He had no idea.  It had been an hour when the two men opened his cell.  Or maybe they meant within the hour.  He couldnt remember, and these were his final words.  They had taken his memories and were about to take his life, and all he could do until they did it was to sit and write.

He had less than one hour left of life, but in this little timehe was free.  He had a chair, a desk, a pen, paper and this small room in all its brightness.  He had the freedom to write, and finally he decided to write about freedom, his freedom.  He wrote about what he would have wanted, what he could have done if his life hadnt been replaced with a uniform blurriness.  The pen darted across the sheet as Carson filled it with anything and everything he could imagine.  The chiaroscuro of the prison was dashed by vivid oranges and greens, the confines of the room broke down to reveal lush landscapes, the desk became a table around which sat a family.  He admired his work, not the least of which was a portrait of a woman he would have liked to meet.

But it didnt exist, it couldnt exist, and his joyous reverie had only shortened the time until his death.  He didnt feel sad for himself.  The paper, with all of its trappings of life, was only his imagination.  He began to regret the profession he would have enjoyed, the home that would have been his own, and the family he would have loved.  A door opened, this time directly in front of him, for a guard to come in and retrieve him, and he rose with a deliberate sense of satisfaction.  They would take his life and his dreams, but for those brief moments he had lived.  He had secured one small niche in the universe to leave his mark, and for that time he had been happy.

The straps were fastened as he laid back on the foam padding.  A group of people, maybe 20, stood behind a thick pane of glass.  He couldnt tell if they were reporters, officials, or family members of a victim.  Many times a man is given a life, which eventually tests his character.  Those behind the glass looked on in silence, although some appeared to smile.  But why not understand his character, and then give him a life?  The guard, who had apparently been addressing the audience in front of him, lowered his gaze to Carson.  Too often we come to understand ourselves only to wish we could change our decisions.  But we understand you, and what decisions you want to make.  And then he smiled, and you will make them well.

With that, C.A.R.S.O.N. drifted off to sleep inside the simulation as the team looked on in wonder.  Some of the programmers fought back their tears.
___________________________________

In the past, people had been born.  Some had been very good or very bad, but most were in between.  Resources were scarce these days, and with selective pressures gone, mutations had accrued in the human genome to such an extent as to render any rare, would-be pregnancy, unacceptably perilous.  But society wanted to preserve life, in all its majesty, and watch it grow.  Countless models were constructed, bits of electricity were moved around inside simulated minds in a never-ending odyssey to link and un-link thoughts, beliefs and emotions.  Digital archetypes were constructed from scientists best understanding of the summit of human achievement, and were probed, in however feeble attempts, to understand their true nature.  Most of the early AIs in the prison cell simulations were mute and broke down quickly; after much development some did learn to write and draw, albeit only fractured and nonsensical thoughts.  It had been years in development, but finally one had passed societys test and proven his worth as an indispensable addition.  The worlds most wonderful artificial intelligence had fallen asleep inside of its supercomputer, and would wake up to be free.