Bleak Earth Part 1: The Event
_John_Locke_4815
When Cory Amos woke up, he thought he was on Earth again. Light filtered through the small window slits to his cabin. He got up from bed and opened the slits up more. A great fiery orb lit up the sky. It was where he saw the small and distant Earth the previous night. He looked down at other cabins and buildings in the Citadel's safe containment chamber. The slits were open and people were gazing at the orb in the Martian sky. After several hours of panic, chaos, prayer, and fear, the orb darkened and the sky returned to the grayish copper sky. Cory kept hearing about the orb in the sky and how it might be Earth's demise. This was especially strong where he worked, at the Military Academy. Back on Earth, he was a strong general stationed in an Alaskan army base. He was selected from Juneau's council to go to a Martian colony, Citadel, where he now lives. But his past is another story. Anyway, his cadets were extremely scared for their lives. They called the cosmic phenomenon that morning The Event. They came up with theories and speculations about The Event, like aliens destroying the planet or a nuclear war started by Europe to claim Africa or something (now *that's* a story for another day). After lunch hour, the Commandant walked into the classroom where Cory was teaching about the history of the American military and its evolution.

"Good day, Commandant!" the cadets said in unison while standing at attention. The Commandant kept his neutral expression.

"At ease, cadets," he said. The cadets sat down in unison. "General Amos, walk with me." Cory felt his heart skip a beat. The Commandant never asked him before to talk personally. If they talked to each other, there would be cadets or faculty in the room. Cory reluctantly put down the chalk he was using and walked quickly with the Commandant out of the classroom.

"What is it, sir?" Cory asked.

"Our satellites have captured photographs of Earth," the Commandant replied. "It has been hit by The Event."

"The Event? What is that, exactly?"

"It was a massive solar flare. It was strong enough to wipe out 80 percent of the natural life on Earth, but not strong enough to burn it up or reach Mars."

"Why are you telling me this?"

"We need military personnel and scientists to inspect Earth and save the survivors, if any."

"And I'm one of the people to inspect Earth?"

"Yes."

Cory went home after that and cried. He wanted to go to Earth, but at the same time he wanted to stay on Mars. He left his family on Earth in Alaska. Several years before he became a war criminal and escaped to a small town on the northern tip of Alaska. He got married and had a son named Devon. They lived in a log cabin on a peninsula and Cory worked at a lumber mill. He feared that the military would come for him, he got on a motor boat and drove off to live on Baffin Island or any of those nations. He found a secret NASA base and got on a rocket before it left for Citadel and Mars.

It was late at night before Cory stopped crying. He picked up his phone, called the Commandant, and said "I will go to Earth."