The Traveling Planet
thehague67
A colossal planetary orb overlooks our home. Nearly at the climax of its kiss with the rock we call Earth. Some of the most amazing shades of blue you'll ever see. Colors you don't find here. Colors artists attempt, and fail to replicate. It only peaks every 68 years, but you can always see it coming months in advance. A new star in the sky at first, then within half a year's time, the harvest moon dawns forth its peak. Some call it our planet's passing lover. Some call it the thief, as it drags our moon with it for a time before gravity can set itself right - which it always does. When it does come, it's always an exciting time here. The world seems to come together in peace for nearly a year in the common endeavor to appreciate what some hold as God's Passing Eye. It pushes the rain away from certain areas, and in others, the clouds gather and the water just won't stop falling. And then comes the twilit days and shadowless nights. By the time the Sun hits noon, the sky is eclipsed, and the blue hues don't miss anything after sun down. Some even believe the vibratory luminescence can evoke an inner potential. It truly is an experience that all should share in at least one lifetime.

Sheol and I lay under the aquatic nightlight, overlooking our village  of which is celebrating Peak Banquet. The festival lights give illusion that the night's excitement is nearly at its apex, paralleling the sapphire that penetrates our sky. The blue bulb emanates such an energy, causing a sense of invigoration through its very presence . Away from all the festival cheer, its song can be heard through energetic vibrations that hum only soft enough for those who listen closely - those who seek to hear. Resting next to one another, hands grasped, I can feel the vastness of the cosmic sphere reverberating through us both, nearly enhancing through our physical connection.

"They say it's getting closer, you know, Sheol gently let out. In my hypnosis, I nearly missed what she'd said.

"Uh... You don't buy into that collision course fear do you?" I rattle off in nearly the same words I've heard from my pop time and time again. She paused for a long while, her eyes reflecting equally beautiful seas of blue back at the monster in the sky.

"I don't know...My father's been doing a lot of work at the observatory lately, and he says...something's different." Her gaze never breaks from the atmosphere, and I have no words to say. "He says at this rate, this might be the last cycle before...The event. Silence fills the air as what she said begins to pass over me.

Fireworks can be seen popping and fading in sparkling reds and yellows near village square. The irony of it all nearly brings a smile to my face. We lay there quietly, looking directly at what some hold in highest form of natural phenomenon and beauty, and by the same means, could very well bring about our end. But the fear, the fear had not overtaken me. I know I am exactly where I'm supposed to be. Sheol clasps my hand even tighter  her vision transfixed towards the endless blue; and all I can hear is that gentle hum.

Author note: Please tell me your thoughts! I have multiple parts, but haven't much worked on the story in some time. Should I continue?? :D