The case of Mr. Hartford
Robert_Mazzola
I swiped my hand over the turnstile and scanned my implanted chip. The machine display showed ERROR IN SCAN. I quickly glanced over my shoulder at the impatient business persons behind me. I swiped again. The machine read successfully: Balance $159.63  RELOAD. I shoved my way through and emerged in a crowd. I found my way into a fairly evenly-paced swarm and kept in step with the line. I kept to the right to keep from getting shoulder-checked by more aggressive mobs and cyborg-armed freaks thrusting themselves through the endless mass of people. Rushing was a futile endeavor, one that I had tried many times in my youth. In the end it saved very little time and in a full suit it was easy to break into a full body sweat, which is an appearance that could be countenanced in my profession. Moreover, there was always the remote possibility of being noticed by someone in my business circle who might observe my haphazard behavior and take note of it. Thus, I was content to stay to the right and make myself as small as possible, clenching my bag as if it were for dear life.      

I made my way to my through the labyrinthine tunnels and arose in the heart of the city. The foul stench of urine filled the nostrils. The air was dry and the sky was overcast. I stepped past a few sweeping bots and homeless persons sleeping in trash and scrap-cloth cocoons and at last arrived at my sumptuous sanctuary. The lobby was guarded by formidable guards, equipped an advanced arsenal of advanced incapacitating instruments, who just as easily disarmed their intimidating presence with a warm smile and an affirming nod. I walked confidently past the secretary and scanned my card hanging from my lanyard. The elevator opened and greeted me.     

Good morning Mr. Devinstin. The partners are awaiting you in conference room B.
In a matter of seconds, the elevator opened before conference room B. I engaged in the typical obligatory small talk with the partners and pulled out my chair. I waited a second as the chair adjusted to my personal preferences. The din of the voices quieted as a sat in my chair.     

We got a few more cases coming in against our number ones rival. Victims claiming assault, conversion, products liability, the spaghetti splatter. Devinstin - I know how much you like robots, he said with thinly veiled sarcasm. Youre going to be the head partner overseeing these cases.     

I made no protest. Of course.     

After a few hours of reviewing the case files, the partners returned to their respective offices. I took a walk past the para-robots and automated secretaries.     

I sat in my office for a few hours perusing my emails when an associate knocked on the door. He stood there dimly in the doorway and meekly requested my presence at a client interview. Eager for an escape, I joined him. He handed me the client file that I had seen once before in the meeting. I quickly skimmed the preliminary documents and read the notes for possible causes of action.     

Assault/products liability     

The law was murky when it came to this area. Courts vacillated between accepting claims against robots merely as defective machines and theories of vicarious liability. 

Regardless of the legal theory, the result was the same: a huge payout from the company. 
When we walked into the office there was a man, our victim I presumed, berating one of our automated secretaries.     

I dont want anything from you. Get the hell out of here. He said waving his arm. As we entered his head snapped back at us.     

 What the hell is the matter with you, dont you have any humans working here? I came here to get my money *from* these stupid walking trash cans. I come in here with a broken arm, an arm broken because of one of these "     

Were terribly sorry. We wont let it happen again. I apologize for any contact you had to have. We are going to get."     

-Mr. Hartford, is it? Lets talk about what happened.
My associate cleared his throat nervously.
Mr. Hartford. Well, uh, lets see. First, we need to know, your Acuron bot, what model is it that you were using?    

I tuned out as the preliminary questioning continued. I resumed interest a few minutes later. 
The clients pitch elevated. Let me tell you what happened. I was working in the warehouse, I work with a shipping company and I had the service bot perform standard unloading functions like usual. Thats when I noticed it was setting down crates with a certain, unacceptable-uh-loudness. His speech slowed as his waved his one handBLAM! he exclaimed as he slammed the table.     

I come over to it and said knock if off screw-brain, youll damage the goods. It said something back to me about I dont know, speed-precision-opta-something. I told it to shut its mouth and be more careful. A few minutes later it was back again. So I turned on its NRC (neural response center) and took out my baton and gave it a jab. It buckled to its knees and apologized. But I could see I still wasnt getting through. So thats when I grabbed a pipe and started knocking its back in.   

I shifted in my chair as he continued to rant.     

I jabbed its back and broke through a large part of its back frame. I say this went on for a while. I have a right to do that you know-"     

-Its your property, my associate said as I exhaled loudly. My associate sensed my agitation.      

Right as I went for his head again, you know what the thing did next? It held up its *goddamn* arm, as-as if to block me! Damn pipe snapped back and broke my whole wrist and forearm.    

I impatiently arose with my right arm extended Thank you for coming Mr. Hartford. Well be in touch.