Inside Request
escape_character
The request appeared. Ive gotten in the habit of dismissing any affairs dealing with the outside world and its limits. I dont spend all my time in loopy-land like some. I don't want to be considered a mere passenger here. But I also am not so deluded and nagging that I feel the real world mattered, like some others.

I was an early upload, at 167. When the early stages of Alzhiemer's II showed, my insurance granted it for free - it was cheaper than all the treatment, which had a failure rate anyway. Being early, I got used to checking in with the outside often. I wasn't the first of my friends to upload. I had an old coworker that did it right after a near-fatal car accident and actually continued to work from Inside. Running a mind at real-time subjective was expensive then, so while it may be a couple real years between visits with friends, it only felt like a couple days for me. People who got uploaded later in life tended to spend all their time Inside.

As hardware and software improved, Inside accelerated to real subjective time. We negotiated for our own power source, maintained it, got a few robots working for us and felt self-sufficient enough. The economic and environmental collapse outside was sad, yes, but the robots we managed only stayed within the perimeter of our few locations in the real world. These had been self-contained enough for centuries. We lost a server...somewhere to a rogue nuclear attack and when mitigating it, we had to have only the administration of the Inside population stay in real-time mode.

After that, we instituted a rule to have us run all on the same tick rate, all the time. That's just democracy. It's fairness.

Resources, energy and hardware, are running thin. I know the year in AD, it's so absurd it isn't worth mentioning. There's living things out there still. We have satellite views we can access, though it's boring and everything that really matters moves so slowly.

The request is for a merge. It's another mind, uploaded a few centuries after mine. It's part of an initiative to reduce resources. They have the same interests, many of the same preferences for games and entertainment. Different gender, funny. This isn't the first merge I've heard of. Artsy types did it a while back, even merged between minds that were very different. These were briefly entertaining to watch, but often ended poorly; the equivalent of suicide: deletion.

I've felt stagnant. Even with infinite space Inside to play, and some of us devoted to creating new games and entertainment, I'm still bored. New games don't come out as often as they should, as every creator has their own backlog of games to get through. The people who want to get Outside again discuss advancing our manufacturing capabilities, but that's never been my thing.

I need something new. I think I'll become it.