Dad. Good bye.
frankz0509
It's time.

I touch your hand as I say "It's okay."

You look up, your eyes meet with mine, and with your gaze as cold as ever, you say "I'll miss you." I clench my jaw and try not to cry. So badly did I want to.

"I hope I see you again before long" I say.

"Oh, you will."

"You do realize you won't be awake for another couple of centuries, right?"

"We'll see each other in my dreams."

"That's absurd. You can't have dreams. And even if you did, it would be one-sided. We won't truly interact."

"That is true." You stop for a while. "Why can you not just sleep as well?"

"I've answered that many times already." I try to force a smile. "We sleep in a different way."

The PA system booms, announcing we only have a minute left.

"Here we go." I sigh. I reach for the pressurization lock.

"Wait." You reach out your hand, I look at you with the slightest hint of surprise. "I love you, dad."

"I love you, too. Take my dreams with you for me, okay?" Tears fall. I can't help it anymore.

"I will, dad. Good bye. See you again someday."

"See you." I type a few strings and the lockdown sequence initiates. You close your eyes, and I know that you are now in deep sleep. I watch behind tears as your module was jettisoned from ours, hurling at a few thousand meters per second deep into space.

The media calls it "The first fully-intelligent unmanned deep-space mission."

The academe and the industry praise me for "the most advanced robotic probe the world has ever seen."

It took me years to make you. And it took me only months to lose you. When you wake up again, generations would have already passed. The Earth may not even exist anymore when you return. Who knows? For certain, no longer will I exist. To you, today would be only like yesterday when you awake from deep sleep. 

Perhaps.

I don't even know if you'll miss me.

I never programmed these emotions into you. You caught me by surprise when you first exhibited them. I programmed my dreams, my hopes, and the curiosity of the entire human race in you, but never any emotions.

How come then, that a robot such as yourself, has found a way to love your father so deeply?