Tangent
frankz0509
Below is an unabridged transcript of an exchange between Beltran Kowalski, famous quantum physicist  pioneering the *tangential universes theory*, and award-winning author of "Tangent: Alternate Realities All Around Us", and New York Times correspondent Eirina Ross. This took place in a Neville, Sons, and Co. Bookshop in New York City, during one of Kowalski's book tours and signings.

---

ROSS: Doctor Kowalski, my name is Eirina J. Ross from the New York Times. I skimmed through the table of contents, and for me the most intriguing chapter from *Tangent* is Chapter 6, where you offer explanations about what people traditionally looked at as the paranormal, such as ghosts and poltergeists. Can you please give us a quick overview of what you talk about there?

KOWALSKI: *(Chuckle)* Beautiful request, Miss Ross, and I'm flattered that you actually took the time to skim through the listing. Actually, ghosts and poltergeists are my strongest inspirations in studying tangential universes. You see, when I was a kid, we used to live in an old townhouse in Connecticut, and the whole family -- my mother most of all -- was convinced that our house was haunted. At night, we'd hear strange noises from the other side of the walls, from rooms which were empty, and sometimes we'd hear unintelligible conversations in the dead of the night.

ROSS: Creepy.

KOWALSKI: Indeed. But instead of getting scared, like any ten-year-old normally would, I began looking for answers. *Were these really spirits? Are the dead haunting us? Were there really souls trapped behind the walls?* Naturally, being raised in a hardcore Catholic family, the first person I went to seek answers from was the local priest, Father Yosef Hammond, may his god rest his soul.

ROSS: And did you find the answers you were looking for? And I'll note "may his god rest his soul" -- I can only assume you believe in a different god, or not at all.

*(Chuckles from the audience and Kowalski)*

KOWALSKI: In fact, and I don't believe that this is surprising, I didn't get any answers. My questions were only answered with rhetorics, and led me to even more questions. You see, the Catholic doctrine doesn't really play well with neither curiosity nor scientific inquiry. It's usually chalked up to "god's mysterious ways", if the topic is anything other than tattoos and gender preference.

*(Laughter and whistling from the audience)*

KOWALSKI: Anyhow, back to Chapter 6. When faith didn't provide me with answers, I turned to science. At age 12, I became well-versed with the works of Hawking, Penrose, and Hameroff, as well as those of Feynman, Einstein, and Susskind. Whereas my peers turned to comic books, I turned to physics journals. And thus my interest for physics blossomed and that day decided that I wanted to be a physicist.

ROSS: So you had your own set of Avengers back then?

*(More laughter from the audience)*

KOWALSKI: Oh yes. My life's biggest heroes slaved unrelentingly over numbers and equations. People were usually interested in superpowers, and I in the extraordinary explanation of all things ordinary. When I say "ghost", what comes to mind? Usually, tall faceless women clad in white and semi-transparent human-like figures are the images that flicker in the back of your brain. What if I say that these "ghosts" that we speak of are actually creatures, perhaps humans too, like you and I, or variations of the human species living on alternate universes bleeding through our own?

ROSS: That's even freakier than the idea of our ancestors coming to haunt us.

KOWALSKI: That's one way of looking at it. It's scary for some, that's true, but for me it's merely frustrating.

ROSS: Frustrating in what way?

KOWALSKI: If my theory is correct, and these ephemeral figures are indeed images that bleed through our own reality from some other alternate world, then it's extremely frustrating to come to realize that there's a whole universe *this* close to us yet we have absolutely no way of getting in touch. We've toiled to look for other beings in the stars for so long, we have not considered that perhaps the other beings are in fact, all around us.

ROSS: And you strongly believe that this is the case?

KOWALSKI: Oh yes. *(Chuckles)* Otherwise I'd be a nutjob for spending thousands of hours to write a dissertation about it and even publish a book if I wasn't convinced myself. The law of conservation of energy states that energy can neither be created nor destroyed, and as a consequence, neither can matter. What happens then to all the energy that gets sucked into the singularity at the heart of a supermassive black hole? Is it returned, in its original form or another, when the black hole collapses upon itself? Where did all the dark matter come from? And most importantly, where did the original singularity -- the one which exploded and gave birth to this entire universe, come from? And where will everything go?

ROSS: And you believe that all of this has something to do with ghosts and poltergeists?

KOWALSKI: I believe that the answer to all these questions are related, yes. Scientists, myself included, traditionally agreed that the shape of the universe is something akin to a plane. The entirety of the cosmos -- all matter -- sits on a plane that stretches indefinitely, and as a consequence, we have thrown away the idea of a universal boundary. If you were to infinitely go forward in one direction, nobody could tell you where you'll eventually end up. Older spiritual beliefs say that there's a gate at the end of the universe that leads to heaven, to God's own realm. They may not be completely wrong, after all.

ROSS: What do you mean?

KOWALSKI: Let us for a second, discard the idea of a planar universe and instead imagine that the entire universe is contained in a bubble -- like the one on your foamy bath, or that which sits on top of a well-lathered soap. By definition, a bubble has finite bounds. Now imagine thousands, millions, countless other bubbles all around our own, infinitely close to each other exactly like a bubble bath. This might not be the best representation, as it's pretty hard for our brains to visualize more than three dimensions, but it will do. This "bubble bath" is inherently chaotic, you can't ever pinpoint where a single "bubble" is at any point in time, but there are times when two bubbles are "touching", if you may, or in geometric terms -- "tangential" to each other. Can you imagine what might happen then?

ROSS: The bubbles... influence each other?

KOWALSKI: Exactly! Classical physics shows us this. When two ordinary bubbles touch and not explode, their rotational movements influence each other and as a result begin to share angular velocity. Given enough time, those two bubbles will start to move as one, affixed on each other as they move through space. This, I believe, is *exactly* what happens when we "see" ghosts and other supernatural phenomena -- another universe comes infinitely close to ours and as a result, it begins to share its energy with us. If we think of the bubbles as not perfectly round, but multifaceted, then we can begin to imagine which faces "touch" as the bubbles come together. The spaces surrounding those faces then are influenced the most. This, I believe is where dark matter comes from. It can never be explained because it's from a different realm entirely. Neither can ghosts. One can only approximate its effects based on mathematical principles, but beyond that one can only imagine. I believe then, that our universe has long been tangential with another, which explains all the phenomena that cannot be explained by modern science. At least not yet. Not until we can develop a higher form of mathematics that could help us understand universes beyond our own.

ROSS: Profound. Wow. I'm not even a physics fan but that blew me away. I'm sure geeks will get all excited when they watch this interview on YouTube.

KOWALSKI: And here's the icing on the cake. I believe that these bubbles are essentially what physicists have been theorizing to be strings. All matter is just an emergent property of how this strings vibrate, or how bubbles come together and move through space. I know, it's impossible to imagine how a bubble that's supposedly so vast in size is also fundamentally small. The theory is, that everything is recursive. Our universe is essentially just the building blocks of another in the quantum scale. Inversely, our own is made up of other universes. And so on. It all becomes easier when you let go of the idea of three dimensions, as there are in fact, hundreds of others.

ROSS: And what of ghosts?

KOWALSKI: Oh, somewhere out there, in the other universe tangential to ours, you and I are ghosts haunting a little kid's bedroom.