The Arrival
frankz0509
I woke up at precisely four in the morning. I cannot fathom why I woke up at such odd hours in that wee morning of December, nonetheless it is my intention to share a passing tale which has since become deeply embedded in my core.

First, I felt a vibration. It was a shaking not unlike a miniscule tremor by the shifting of tectonic plates, but much lower in magnitude that my bedside clock managed to stay by the nightstand.

Then I saw lights. Stark yellow lights against the pitch blackness of the morning sky, turning into fiery red, blue, and back to yellow again, and so on.

At this point, I knew exactly what was happening. This is it, I thought to myself, I've been waiting for this for quite some time.

I quickly grabbed a shirt from the chair by the door, put it on, and rushed downwards, out the house, and into the wide expanse of our backyard-slash-farmland.

The lights are approaching.

Within a few moments, a huge octahedron materialized before me, sending out gusts of wind that would have -- were I not ready for this -- blew me off and into the rows of maize.

I saw the upstair lights turn on -- probably my mother stirred awake by the lights and the strong winds, now tightening her nightgown and about to join me.

The huge ship landed with a loud thump. I felt the earth grumble at the touch of such a magnificent craft.

At the bottom panel of the craft, facing me, an oblong materialized and let out a fairly large staircase, from which a slender ten-feet-tall humanoid descended carrying a shimmering cube.

"Hey Jack!" the slender man waved at me. To whom I replied, "'Sup Wilson!"

"Here's your order, the ZBOX 99, fresh from Sector Twelve." Wilson handed me the box, after which he took out a photograph. I can't believe it. It really is here. "Oh and, here's the photo of Zed Leppenil you wanted autographed, just as I promised."

I. Must. Be. The luckiest kid in the galaxy. An autographed photo of the legendary Zed along with the first ever pre-ordered unit of the ZBOX 99. Holy shite balls. Riveting tale indeed, eh?