Sally Locket was a very tidy and well kept women. Having precisely everything she needed in her purse in a very specific location her life went by with ease. She wasnt the type of person to smile or spark a conversation with a stranger, but today was different. She had just gotten that job promotion she had be dreaming of for the past year or so of her life and she felt as if she walking on air throughout her daily routine. 
Haircut, grocery store, and even was able to maintain a smile throughout her trip to the dmv. She lost her I'D recently, careless mistake wasnt like her to lose something. She took a seat next to a tall, lanky, and pale gentleman. Dressed in all black with a pair of glasses he was a man who normally went unnoticed to pretty girls like Sally, but she was feeling to good today to let any stranger exist in her life unappreciated.


Hows your day going today? She asked.
Shocked, breath taken, the man shakily responded, Fine.
Just fine? Well, why is that, everyday is a day to be happy dont you think?
The mans face brightened. Nobody has ever shown him this kind of attention before. Yes, I suppose that could be true.
The two of them kept a poor conversation going for Sallys entire two hour stay at the DMV, finally her name was called and Sally was allowed a break from the awkward dialogue.
Well. It was a pleasure talking to you today. Thank you for the company. Sally said as she walked to the counter.
Thanks.. the man croaked. Knowing his moment was passing he built up some courage and yelped in what seemed like a high pitched squeal MS WHATS YOUR NAME?
        	
Sally turned around and politely said Sally Locket And with a smile she was gone. But what Sally didnt notice, nor did anyone else waiting in the dmv seem to notice, was a small golden key fall gracefully out of a side pocket on Sallys purse as she turned and left. It bounced three times on the carpet and came to a stop. Sally walked off toward her attendant unaware.
The man quietly rose up, walked over, and picked up the key.
        	
The rest of Sallys day went just as smoothly as the beginning. A trip to the store to buy herself that new T.V she wanted, a dinner date with her girlfriends, and then a nice ride home to her house out in the country. However, what Sally wasnt aware of was the black car that had been following her throughout the rest of her errands. A black car being driven by a tall lanky and pale gentleman. A car that followed her from the DMV to the store to watch her get her new T.V., to dinner with her girlfriends where he waited patiently parked outside, and now eagerly followed her throughout her route to what he assumed would be her home.
        	
Sally made her way into her house and poured herself a nice glass of wine. She wasnt a big drinker, but today was a special day so she rewarding herself. As she drank her wine a soap opera played on her old plasma screen T.V. it never seemed smaller.
        	
Outside a tall lanky and pale gentlemen sat in his car outside the house anticipating when would be an ideal time to go in and meet the women of his dreams. He never was in love before, what a feeling it was. He could hardly wait to marry this girl. He sat in the car listening and singing landslide to himself.
Sally went to bed at her usual time 10:30 and made her way to her bedroom where she slept alone every night. She didnt have a husband or a boyfriend, but who knows, maybe her luck was changing she thought to herself. Doing one last sweep of her house she locked all her doors: front, garage, patio, and back door. She was very careful with these things, she was a very tidy and well kept women. Sally fell asleep with the thoughts of a day well spent and what the future was going to hold for her.
  	
The tall lanky and pale gentlemen finally made his way the door at 12:00am, he wanted to make sure his future wife was asleep, he didnt want their first night together to be an argument. The door was locked much to his delight. She was a cautious woman which made him happy as he was a very cautious man. Taking out the key that the women obviously dropped for him to use he turned the knob and made his way inside the house, locking the door behind him because he was a very cautious man. Looking around he was filled with joy, what a lovely house for them to share. Not the biggest, but not the smallest, a perfect size. After taking a tour the man made his way to the bedroom where he saw his future wife sleeping peacefully. So incredibly beautiful he thought. Taking off his shoes, he snuck his way onto the bed and under the covers. He would have wrapped his arms around her too, but again, had the fear of waking her and causing their first night together to be a fight. The man fell asleep with the thoughts of a day well spent and what the future was going to hold for him.
 
