Monday. She woke up drenched in her own sweat. She'd had another dream. The same one she's been having for months now. Her crappy alarm clock, which she'd purchased ages ago from an old woman who smelled like cat piss read 10am. "Shit, " she muttered in a raspy tone. She was late for work again. What would she tell her boss this time? That she had a violent case of diarrhea? Or even better, she can go into detail about 'that time of the month'. Her boss wouldn't ask any questions if she did that. She had grown to become an excellent liar. She was able to get herself out of anything. Well, almost anything. She sprang out of bed and bolted to the bathroom, but her world started spinning and her stomach felt as though it was tied in a knot. Hungover. And before she was able to make it to the toilet, she vomited all over her bathroom floor. There was no way she would be able to go to work. She wondered how much she drank last night. She wondered where she had been and what she had done. She looked around her apartment and sighed. It was a mess. She hadn't bothered cleaning since he left her. She thought that if she cleaned, she would find some of his things. Suddenly there was a loud ring which caused her head to throb. She raced around looking for her cell phone. Desperate to turn it off and stop the awful sound of her Samsung ringtone. She didn't even care who was calling. She had become so alienated and avoided social interaction. "Shit, " she muttered, again. It was her boss. She answered. "Hello, Mr.Cass I'm so sorry. I can explain it all" "listen, you need to get your act together. You can't just keep moping around. You barely show up to work, and when you do, you're hammered. I'm sorry, but I'm going to have to let you..". She hung up. She knew what he would say, and she didn't care. He just didn't understand. Nobody understood. She reached into her pantry and pulled out a bottle of gray goose. She didn't even realize she was doing it. It was her natural instinct. She drank until her throat burned, and her head felt woozy. And slowly, she drifted into a deep sleep. She dreamt of him that night. 

Tuesday. She woke up feeling sick. Fragments of her dream still clung to her memory. The sound of his voice. His smile. God, his smile. These things made her feel even sicker. She had promised herself that she wouldn't think of him. That she wouldn't come home hoping he was there waiting for her. But who was she kidding? He wasn't coming back. She knew that. But he had become a part of her. When he left, he absorbed her. He lingered in her every thought. He was everywhere. There was no escaping him. 

Wednesday. She came home from a long day at work. To her surprise, she received a sneak attack, bear hug from behind. "Happy birthday!" he shouted, and spun her around. He was tall. 6'1" to be exact. He kissed her on the cheek. "I love you" he said. She woke up in tears. "I love you too" she whispered. "I always will". 

Thursday. She had that dream again. Losing her job had allowed her to hide herself in her apartment. She spent the first hour of her day staring at her cellphone. Dialling his number over and over again. Wanting to press call but, knowing nobody would pick up. Finally she built up the courage. She dialled the number and let the call go through. It went straight to voicemail. "Hey, it's Johnny! I'm not able to answer your call right now but leave a message after the beep. 'Beep'" she sat there for what felt like forever. She didn't know what to say. She went over what she wanted to say to him every day since he left. But now that she was given the chance, she choked. Finally, she managed to say "Johnny. I miss you. And I love you. And I need to see you. I want to wrap you in my arms and I never want to let go. Johnny, I'm sorry I wasn't everything you wanted me to be" "beep" the call ended. She spent the remainder of her day sobbing. How had she been so stupid? Johnny wouldn't listen to that voicemail. 

Friday. Hi! I'm Michelle and I'll be bringing you today's latest news. At roughly 5am this morning, a Toronto resident called authorities concerned about sounds coming from her neighbours apartment. When authorities arrived, they found 42 year old Cathy Wallas lying lifeless on her deceased sons bedroom floor. She had committed suicide. Her suicide is believed to be caused by the mourning of her 19 year old son Johnny who was mugged and murdered in the Bay Area about 5 months ago. She had been fired from her job a few days prior to her death, and her neighbours claimed she hadn't left her apartment since. Once again, I'm Michelle from citytv, and I'll be back with you after this short commercial break. 
