Alarm.
The alarm that wakes you up from a dreamless and pill-induced sleep, that somehow never leaves you rested enough. You go to bed dreading the morning to come, because you know that the next day you have to get up and do it all over again. All that effort, all that effort just to be level like "normal" people. I didn't use to think like that. 
Once upon a time I was happy. Excited. Back when you get up at six just to watch the overly colorful and fast paced cartoons, and that's all you needed to do. No planning, no getting anything, no thinking, no effort. Just watching TV and looking at all the pretty colours before you. I miss that. 

Everyone tells you life is hard, but it shouldn't be this hard. When you wake up, you're tired - that's normal.When you wake up, you want to cry because you just can't handle not being you today. But you don't know how to even be yourself - not normal. 
All my life I've studied people, noting down a lifelong mental thesis that will last forever and no one will ever know. Every thought I ever think, every action I ever do, is always parallell with "Normal?" The first thing I do is look in the mirror, yep that's the same face like always. Still not used to it even though I should be. Maybe this isn't my body? Maybe it got switched out somewhere. My body doesn't look the same anymore, messed up by the antidepressants that were supposed to heal me. But I guess it's my own fault in the end, I don't have to eat everything that I do.
 
But I can't stand that hunger, even when my stomach is full and my poor body is telling me "Please, no more" my brain is telling me that it's not enough. My body is missing something and until I find out what it is, my brain's going to tell me to keep eating. 
Now, I'm not fat. But I don't have to be fat to hate myself, I don't even have to be ugly to hate myself. Yet I do. And I'm too afraid to ask because I'm afraid that someone will confirm what I'm feeling.So I try to stay in the shadows, away from all unwanted glances. What do they mean? Why is he looking at me like that? Is she going to say something about my hair? I tried to make it look normal.
I don't know what normal is, but I assume it's something the majority accepts. If you dress "normally" you should blend in with other people and maybe they won't notice you. Or the way you shake your legs when you're sitting. Or how scared you always are. 

---

Fear... Fear... Fear... Run... Run... There's nowhere to run. Strength... Anger... Fight... I can't fight, it's not normal, the teacher would get mad. They hit you, you hit back. Dad told us it was okay. Mom says dad isn't normal. No one is normal. That's what all the normal people say.

"Hey!" I turn around and look at where the voice came from. It's the boy from my class, we used to be friends, but now he's only friends with the strong boys and the pretty girls in class B.
"What the fuck are you staring at weirdo? You wanna get it?" He's acting tough in front of his friends, because he wants to be normal like I do. He's just a better actor.
"You called me." My legs are shaking even though I'm standing up, I think I'm scared. I don't have any strong boys or pretty girls to protect me, I just have me, And I'm neither. 

When I look down I see that there's a stain on my shirt from my toothpaste, I hope no one noticed. That's what mom is going to say first. Not how was your day? or did school go well? but there's a stain on your shirt, how could you go to school like that?
"Just wanted to see if you were as ugly as you were yesterday. But today you're even worse." Laughter. They push past me and I can hear them laughing all the way down the hall to the classroom. 
The hallway seems extra long today. 
My painting is still on the wall of the hallway, so everyone can see it. The one everyone compliments, the one that won the school competition. We were tasked to do a Picasso inspired drawing of someone. I drew someone with pink hair that looked the exact opposite of me. When I hear people complimenting it, I don't tell them that I did it. My name's not on it, and they wouldn't even believe me. 

For the rest of recess I sit on the benches outside my classroom, no one ever goes past here during break time anyway. But my friends still know where to find me. They left without me after class, they probably just forgot to tell me where they went. A teacher passes by, but I don't ask where my friends are, I don't want to bother my teacher. My friends come back, they're all laughing about something I probably would laugh about too. But I wasn't there.
"Oh hi, we looked everywhere for you!" She does the bunny ears I do to my brother when she says "everywhere", I don't understand why. Maybe she does that to her brother too. My other friends giggle. I suppose I should giggle too.
"I was here the whole time, like I always am. I sent you a text." I show her my phone, the one that only has 4 contacts. The text says that I'm sitting on the bench outside class, like always.
"Sorry, I didn't see. We were busy playing cards so I didn't notice that you sent something." 
"Oh." I see on my phone that it says "read" but I don't say anything. I don't want to start an argument and be left alone again. 
I have the same phone my friends have, but a black one. They said it's the best and it takes really nice pictures. My camera album has pictures of my rabbits, so I can look at them when I'm at school too. My Dad bought it for me, even though he doesn't have any money. He said I can't have my mom's old phone, and that I should have a new one like my friends have. My dad used to buy me a lot of stuff when I was little, but now he doesn't anymore. 
My mom asks me where all his money went if he didn't spend it on me since it's his week. And I say I don't know.

---

My old school was amazing, it had one of those coffee machines you see in offices and hospital waiting rooms. Where you need a key to get free coffee, or coins to buy a cup. On special days the principal leaves the key in and lets us take as much as we want. The machine has hot chocolate too. I take a cup of black coffee, even though it has two sugars in it and I had already eaten that day. I don't drink it because it smells like the coffee my dad drinks when we're waiting for the doctor or one of my psychologists.
My friends take two hot chocolates with cream and sugar in it. How can they drink that and still not be fat? Tammy doesn't eat. Sabrina barely sips hers, she doesn't eat breakfast. Teresa is already fat. 
You're not supppsed to say that someone is fat, or if someone is skinny. But my mom does it when she thinks the person can't hear it. 
I don't like when people say that I'm skinny, because I don't think I am. I'm just short. 
My brother calls me "skeletor", but Skeletor is really strong so I don't understand why he calls me that.