	George held his head high. It was the first time, in what seemed like years, that he had smiled. As he looked forward, he could feel his lips stretching out and making soft wrinkles in his already abundantly aged face. He closed his eyes and drew in a deep breath. As he held the crisp autumn air in, he could feel it cooling his lungs. He exhaled and looked straight ahead, his face still expressing that loving smile. His old heart was beating just as fast as it had when he first met her, although nowadays it hurt a touch. 
	George was wearing his tattered brown Dockers jacket that Betty had given him on their first wedding anniversary. That was her favorite memory. George had taken her to Ginos, the tiny Italian restaurant that she had loved so much. Chicken parmesan was her favorite, and George knew that. They had continued this tradition each anniversary following, all the way up to their 57th. He truly was a man of traditions. Every Saturday, George would wake up, and brew two cups of coffee. Although Betty didnt drink coffee (she didnt like the taste of it, and it gave her the jitters) she would sit with him while he drank his, and she would watch hers grow cold. Betty loved the way that beat up jacket had given George a rustic look. It made his shoulders look broad and muscular, regardless of how he had aged.

	When George was 18 years old, he had enlisted in the United States Army. George never had high hopes, but it certainly was a way to get away from his bear of a father. 
	Youll never make anything of yourself out there in the trenches, son. Going to get shot down the second you step foot out that plane! His father had told him.
	At least Ill be serving someone other than myself, you old bastard! George retorted
	His mother chimed in on the conversation, Now dear, dont you disrespect your father. She said through her cut upper lip.
	George sighed woefully, Im sorry, Ma. I really am. But I cant go respectin a man that slaps around his wife, and damn near beats his son to death, Let alone drinkin all our money away. George said to his mother.
	He leaned forward to hug his mother. As his arms stretched out, he could feel his breath rushing from his lungs from the force of the bottle hitting his stomach. George reached around and displayed on finger to his father. He left the house that day, and never returned.
	That conversation had changed Georges life forever, because if he had never voiced his opinions then he would have never left that old house when he did that day. His plan was to stay at his good friends house, Barry, and to leave in the morning to head east. However, that never happened. George had stopped at the Grab And Go shop on the corner of Juniper and 7th, heading toward Barrys apartment (which was more like a big room with a bed in the middle and a sink in the corner), and bought a stale candy bar, a cold soda, and a bag of chips. When he left the Grab And Go, he saw Betty. 
	Betty was not there on any coincidence. She had seen George plenty of times throughout her life in the small town. She even knew where he lived. Over time, Betty had taken quite an interest in the young man, and when she saw him headed toward the Grab And Go, she changed her course and stood outside waiting for him.
	Hello, George. Where are you headed? She asked him, fluttering her eyelashes and swinging from hip to hip. 
	I.. Uh I was Uhh.. Headed to Berrys apartment just a few blocks from here. I think it is 10th and Oak avenue? George replied, trying not to seem caught off guard.
	Georges heart was racing, and he no longer had a taste for his candy bar. 
	I was going to go to the old dance hall tonight and I would love it if you joined me. Do you know how to waltz, George? Betty asked.
	George stood there dumbfounded. Who was this woman, how did she know his name, and who on earth goes to a dance on a Wednesday evening? I have two left feet, maam. But I am a fast learner. By the way, what is your name?
	Beatrice Greene, but my friends call me Betty She said calmly.
	Okay Betty, well, if you would be so kind as to teach me how to dance, I would love to join you.
	Betty trotted along, and George couldnt help but notice the way her hips swung as she walked. It was almost as mesmerizing as watching a newtons cradle. Each single swing brought enough force to bounce back and force another hip into motion. 

	George sighed as he held his hands up with Betty. 
	Do you remember the way I danced on our first night at the hall? He asked her.
	Betty smiled that sly smile. The one that made Georges heart melt, and mind give in.
	Oh I was such a goofball those days. I can hardly remember why you wanted to have anything to do with me! Do you remember what we did on our honeymoon?
	Betty couldnt help but chuckle for a little bit. Her laugh was as calming as waves crashing on the ocean shore, only this time it sounded more like leaves blowing in the wind during a crisp fall day.
	I remember it like it was yesterday. You and I both took a train all the way up to the mountains in Colorado. You had sworn you would never leave this town, but I told you I would get you out one day, and that is exactly what I did! Although, it only lasted for a day! He laughed a bit after that, then continued, It seemed the second we got off the train, we couldnt stop walking. Everywhere we went had to have a purpose, even if we made it up on the spot. He stopped and pondered for a moment, Betty, do you remember what was so important about that small post office we stopped next to?
	Betty nodded.
	That was the first time you told me that no matter where we were, we could always find time to dance, and just like that you took my hands and we danced together in the sidewalk like fools while you sang to me. 
	Bettys eyes were watering and she was smiling so her teeth were showing.
	You sang a song that you had made up on the spot, I still remember every word.
		When the wind blows west
		Ill love you the best
		Well my heart, it wont rest
		It might beat out my chest
		So when the wind blows south
		Love still comes out my mouth
		But when things get tougher
		My love will be rougher
		And you know Ill love you the best.
As George was singing, he began to dance with Betty. They were waltzing over the autumn leaves. A beautiful breeze was picking up the leaves and surrounding them in a sweet shade of yellow, mahogany, and lime. He could smell each and every scent drifting over from the neighboring houses that would be baking pumpkin pies and ginger bread cookies. 

Isnt it quite ridiculous that I can remember the words to a song that was sung almost 58 years ago, but I cant remember to tie my own shoes nowadays? George began to ponder.
	Betty looked calmly into Georges eyes. George began to weep. His heart was hurting him, and he could feel his left arm had begun to go numb. 
	Why couldnt I just have one more dance? Just one more dance? That is all that I wanted.
	Betty watched, as tears fell from her eyes, George fall down to his knees. His right arm was grasping his chest. His whole body was tense one moment. Then the next, George looked up and smiled. He smiled as he fell down onto the ground. His head cradled next to a concrete headstone entitled,
	Here lies Beatrice Greene, loving wife. Born 1943-2013.
	George was found that very day. His body was found lying down next to the headstone, as if he had been cuddling against another person. His hair was neat, and his face was content. He had seemed to have gone in peace, and in solitude. With the exception on a single handprint on his shoulder, like someone had danced him to his next life.
