Chapter 1: The Rules, Rankings and Responsibilities

Finally God allows me to tell my tale. First off, I am an angel. It takes centuries to become a Dream Guardian. You need to understand more than what several lifetimes can teach you. Demons have no rules and no pattern just like nightmares. I do not deal with demons any more but that is for another tale.

Dream Guardians are still angels and we have rules while our enemies do not. Rules are in place for YOUR protection not ours I mean, its not like we can die but you can. Our rules are more guidelines and can be broken as we see fit. Firstly, do not show yourself unless absolutely necessary. You know that feeling you get when you feel calm even though you see something that would usually scare you during sleep paralysis? That is something we can do but it isnt the best choice if you are in danger. We cant attack during this. Secondly, only put people into a state of sleep paralysis if you are in danger in your sleep and you cant break free from being held or touched in any way from a monster. Putting you in a state of paralysis is a last resort but buys us a few seconds as they have to re-enter your sanctuary. And lastly, we are invisible by choice. We need to wake you before they touch you. Everyone isn't the same to wake up so we dont know how hard it will be. We try to fight them as you sleep. Those nightmares you have but wake up and cant remember? We showed ourselves to fight which erases the dream altogether.

Everybody has a different imagination and fear so we have no idea what we are fighting. This is why we are the top angels in heaven. Demons dont change, their motives do. And we dont have wings by the way. We can fly but we look like we did back in the mortal world.

People we do not manage to save die, or more commonly known, bed death or cot death. Some missions will never leave your memory. The hardest part is seeing them at the pearl gates and explaining what happened. As a sign of respect we take 6 earth months off to look over the family and help them through. Very rarely God allows us to project dreams of lost ones into the affected peoples dream so they can say goodbye properly. It is something every Guardian Angel has been through yet it does not get any easier. Imagine kissing your child goodnight and without knowing goodbye too. They sleep in perfect health in their favourite pyjamas wrapped in their blanket with their scent on it. Waiting, excited or any other emotion for tomorrow to inevitably come. But it never does, it never will. The night takes a toll and by morning they are gone. You watch as the first person who tries to wake them start being concerned and then begin to shake. Full denial until they feel their pulse. They break down with their uniform still in hand ready to get them changed for school and just as their knees grow weak they fall to the ground screaming uncontrollably as the rest of the family come running in realising what has happened and no one has anything to say but cry and ask God why. The ambulance comes and declares the rough time of death as you watch helplessly knowing this is your fault and you cant say sorry. The rest of the day is carried out with the family being closer than they ever have been. People offering their condolences but nothing in the world can make them better than to bring the child back. But nothing can bring them back. And the worst part? The worst part is when they kiss them goodbye and say I love you as tears helplessly run down their face. The pain is unimaginable. 

Children are the hardest to save, their imaginations are a lot wilder and they dont understand how one minute they can be hugging their parents and the next minute an unknown figure is holding them tight crushing them. They are too weak and confused and just before they draw a last breath they are in a sleep paralysis. The one DAMN THING I can rely on usually and I only make them more helpless as not all children understand that the bedroom is the safest place so they dont have a sanctuary yet and the monster is already on top of them choking them before I can wake them. PLEASE make your children understand they are safe in their bedroom. I cant describe the feeling of fear and sickness I get when I realise a child does not feel safe where they sleep. And yes this is one of many true stories. He was 5. He was the energy of the family and all they can do is look at photos. Just by smiling he would light up any of their days. He was kind and gentle and too young to understand why he left his family behind. You know, people cry in heaven too.

His safest place was in the living room on the carpet with his toys. That is no good to me. Not when he sleeps in his bed. I watched as a small coffin, much smaller than it should ever be for anyone get carried to a grave. I stood by the gravestone crying too. I remembered as I seen the fear in his eyes as I made him experience his first paralysis and last. His last words will haunt me from now to eternity Please save me I dont want to go.
