For a while, I tried to never sit at the same spot in Morgans library.  For a while it worked as intended.  I found my way around the labyrinth of a basement.  I got a great view of the mountains on the third floor.  Nice feeling of peace and solitude in the basement.  But not one spot has ever had the same impact as the view from the second floor window.  Ive unofficially claimed the spot, to the point where I despise anyone who sits there, like to screw me over is part of their personal agenda.

Many nights ago, I sat there and studied for my Chemistry exam.  While trying to figure out the difference between ionization energy and electron affinity, I kept noticing a group of flickering lights out the window.  A large collection of glimmering lights in my peripheral vision.  It seemed like every time I tried to catch the light flickering, it stopped.  Remained still.  I would look away, and it would start up again.  It took me a while to figure out why the light responded to my gaze.

Since it was dark, I could barely make out the outline of the tree blowing in the wind, in front of the lights coming from cars in the parking lot.  As I studied, my peripheral vision caught only the lights not blocked my the ever-moving tree.  From the corner of my eye, I just saw the lights for brief moments peeking at me from behind the blowing branches.  When I tried to catch them in the act, my mind focused its attention on the tree, and my conscious effort filled in the visual gaps that had caused such a dazzling illusion.  

The spot still entices me, Im sitting there now.  But before it was because of the beauty of the dazzling lights.  It inspired me as an artist, and a musician.  Now the view entices me in an explorative, scientific way.  Being an aspiring neuroscientist, I am fascinated with how the spot affects my consciousness.  But the more I delve into it, the less I am affected by the illusion.  My mind knows why the lights dazzle, and it takes away the wonder of impossibility.  I find myself having this problem a lot.

The girl that smiles at me, I wonder if shes encouraged by pity or attraction.  The friend that pays for dinner, I question his generosity, whether its a product of philanthropy or selfish pride.  Its a beautiful exploration of how the world works, but lets be honest.  No one will ever understand completely how the world works.  I put too much on my plate, trying to find the reason behind every motive, every tantalizing smell, every headache.  Just because I believe that everything beautiful in the world can be boiled down to numbers and equations, doesnt meant I think that everything should.  Although my brain doesnt often stop to ask for directions from my mind.  

Sometimes things are better left in our peripheral vision.  Sometimes I still can salvage wonder from the view.  But about half the time I sit by the second floor window, I wish I had never turned my head.