Not too far from here, in a time too long ago from now, there was a traveler named Adam Cain. An excellent picker, Adam lived by picking things people thought of as trash, cleaning them up, and selling them the next town over. The lean, tanned man had no permanent home, save his old Ford Ranger, throwing wares in the bed and sleeping in the cab if no other accommodations were available.

Adam drove into town on a sunny October Monday. The leaves had mostly fallen from the trees, but a rustling could still be heard when the crisp wind chose to come acalling. It was one of those days where outdoorsy types would find the highest concentration of sunlight and huddle in it, desperately trying to enjoy the fleeting warmth and ample fresh air.

Adam did his usual routine, crisscrossing the streets, selling the last towns crap as this towns treasures. Every so often, he would find some bauble in the street or by the garbage and throw it into the back of his Ranger to be sold at a premium price at a later date. As night settled, Adam found himself in the oldest part of town, a part no one really goes to anymore. He knew he was in the right place. After inquiring all day about places to sleep for the night, an old abandoned house was the best option offered. His customers had accurately described this neighborhood. It was creepy. Adam looked around. All the houses looked abandoned. Breathing a sigh of relief, Adam pulled the Ranger alongside an ancient woman on the sidewalk. The old girl hobbled nylons sagging, claws clutching a little picture to her gown.

Hello there. My name is Adam Cain. May I ask where youre going? Do you need me to drive you?

The woman turned, giving Adam a tri-toothed grin. She looked like a bunch of sticks held together by rubber bands.

Hello Adam Cain. I am just on my way home now. Its just a few houses down. I can walk it. Thanks for your kindness.

Ok maam. Just trying to do what the Good Lord would have me do. I was hoping you could direct me to the house Im staying at tonight. Its the Creech Residence.

The womans smile sharpened into a scowl. She looked quickly at the worn picture in her hands and held it fast against her heart. You dont want anything to do with that house, Adam Cain. That house is still inhabited. Old Man Creech was a terrible man. He tortured people. He would take them right off the street and murder them while he listened to old show tunes. Thats how my sister died. The woman showed Adam her picture. It was a pretty blonde girl of about twenty.

They found her body in his cellar. She had been sawed in half. The old womans eyes filled with tears. She began to walk again, slowly. Adam pressed on.

Im sorry about your sister, maam, but I dont believe in ghosts. I just need to sleep there for the night.

The woman turned back, horror in her eyes.

I told you! You shouldnt go there. Old Man Creech is still there. You can still hear him from the streets. He still plays show tunes and laughs terribly.

She looked at Adams stubborn face. A resigned look washed over her.

You dont believe me, and youll keep pestering me until you get the answer you want.

Adam nodded.

Its about a mile down the road on the right. Its house number 6066.

Thank you maam. Take care now!

No. You take great care in that house, Adam Cain.

Adam put the Ranger in gear and took off. He had spent enough time with the crazy lady. He found the house easily. An old, rusted out Studebaker was decomposing in the front. Adam parked the Ranger next to it and went over for inspection. It hadnt been moved in decades. The engine block was rusted and cracked, the tires were shredded, there was nothing left to salvage and sell. Adam climbed the steps to the house, hoping he would find better merchandise within.

He entered through a broken window, finding himself in a parlor. On a table in the corner, sat an old, antique radio. Adam ran to it, ecstatic. It was in no working condition, but he was good with electronics. It would catch quite a price. Suddenly, show tunes started to play from the radio. Adam jumped back. It had to be some kind of joke. Evil laughter bellowed from nowhere. Adam ran to the window, but iron bars had appeared over it. A voice echoed from above him.

Youll be singing with the hounds of Hell now!

As dawn awoke the town, Adam left Old Man Creechs house. He used the front door this time, but didnt bother to close it. It was a pleasant day, birds were singing. Adam breathed in the sweet air, smiled, and pulled out his keys. He unlocked the Studebaker and climbed inside. The car roared to life. Adam backed out around the old, rusted out Ranger. White wall tires gleaming, the Studebaker disappeared into the horizon.