YOU HAVE ONE LIFE. ITS FINITE AND CAN END ANY SECOND.

Lying on my deathbed and looking back at my life, which in the span of it all didnt have enormous importance to anybody but myself, I'm having a moment of clarity. Ive been shut down for a very long time. Just kind of passing through, easily. I had a scowl on my face most of the time. But I knew how to put on the face when necessary. Cant stand out. I did whatever was necessary to keep passing through. I even knew it was lukewarmI didnt do anything though.

Looking at the pond of life and seeing it all play back I worked a safe job, constantly molding myself into the image of the people around me. Blending into the colorless glue. Emotions are calculated. The little bursts of excitement, bought on the weekends. Small dramas between myself and others.. Im struggling right now to see those big turning points (some emotion? some elation?)was it when I got that third promotion at my jobor when I left my first job to do the same thing at another location? Those bring momentary smileslittle ups and downs. Nothing cracked me open though.

I stayed closed up. My light stayed in and life stayed out.

Now Im rememberingI remember thinking so hardlate into the nights about how I wanted to be an actora mavericka mover and a shaker. A name in the worlds story. I got so excited about these prospectsthen I got nervous.

What if I dont have enough money for rentthe festival Ive been thinking about for monthsmy travels? I can just stay at my job and keep paying for my little adventures. Ill save up and quit..but not yet. I felt better.

Repeat. Repeat. Repeat.

Repeat until the end.

HOWEVER. EACH MOMENT CAN BE INFINITE, IF YOURE LIVING IT RIGHT. DAYS CAN SEEM LIKE YEARS AND YEARS CAN SEEM LIKE DAYS. THATS LIFE THOUGH. THE ONE THATS NOT SAFE. THATS A LIFE THATS WORTH LIVING. A LIFE LIKE A MOVIE.

Can I travel back and change this? Can I shake up myself and say GO DO IT. Even if you fail, at least you tried. And you wont fail. There are plenty of people less determined, less intelligent, and less charismatic than you that are doing great. Dont settle.

All this security is making you fat and lazy. Light a fire under your ass and get your mind back from your boss. Mold it yourself. You know better than him. Please. Im sending you this message from the future. You have to make your life into a work of artone I can enjoy at the end. This movie Im watching right now is so boring, I want to walk out of the theater.

Live every day as a new scene. Make it as bold as possible. BE YOURSELF COMPLETELY. Please. I know you wont fail. You have literally nothing to fear.

Even your perceived security where youre at is false. You can still fail at your current job. Especially when its something you dont really care aboutsomething you wont fully devote yourself to it. Imagine how much better youd be at something you really LOVED.

Youve got to let life crack you open. Youve got to let yourself out and let the world in. Youve got to be yourself completely.