Driving home my mind was racing. I knew I could become a SEAL, and I accepted that reality quickly. My parents thought it was a great idea but honestly they supported everything I did. Sitting in my room I dialed the recruiters number we talked and agreed I should do the initial process of joining the military. Everything turned out great and I joined with the chance to become a SEAL in my contract. I would be shipping out to bootcamp at the end of the school year.

     Since I was extremely ready to go to bootcamp, the school year flew by. Before I knew it I was on my way to begin training as a SEAL. Bootcamp was easier than I expected, but then I got sent off to actually become a SEAL and this tested my will. In the end, I passed everything with no problems and was immediately sent to combat upon graduation. 

      I still remember the beginning of my deployment like it was yesterday. The year was 2018 and I got sent to Egypt, we had one objective; to finish off what was left of the ruthless group known only as KAL. 
Like most missions there was no media coverage and no one knew we were even there. Everything went according to plan until.. I took a step and heard a very distinguishable "click." I looked to my left and saw my commanders face immediately turn grim as he started stepping away from me. I knew I had stepped on a small pressure mine and the damage it could cause. I went with my instincts and tried to dive away, and that is when everything went black.

     I awoke to see a bright white light and people all around me, and then I was put under again. In what feels like minutes I was awake again, this time in a hospital bed with my mother next to me. When I made eye contact I knew something was wrong, she began to cry. She hugged me. When I went to return the gesture I just began to realise how serious the injuries were. My left arm was amputated just under the elbow, and both my legs had been blown off. According to the doctors I should not have survived the Blast, and would die soon anyways. A fragment of the mine had lodged into my skull and could not be removed. My life expectancy was 3-5 days. My life was in shambles once again and this time it would end in death.

     On the fourth day I had a very important visitor. General Mason entered the room and just looked at me for a moment. Rage filled my body and I screamed "just leave me alone, I am a dead man anyways." His reaction to this was a minimal "There may be another option soldier." He said barely above a whisper. My heart jumped and I sobbed "Please help me." 

     Anything to avoid death Seemed amazing to me. I wish I would have taken death. The procedure was highly experimental with what they said was a 30% success rate. This was a complete lie. I was strapped to the table with two doctors next to me, but there were no surgical tools; just a syringe full of a metallic liquid. The lights turned on and the doctor turned on the camera. He loudly exclaimed "Attempt number twenty three thousand." The needle entered my arm quickly and then an extreme pain took over my body. I began shaking and convulsing, everything went black.