dinner with the family.  the twelve yr old is on a kick tonight: I want to go to some other country, he announces.  everyone wonders what this can mean as they continue to eat in silence.  james says nothing more.  no elaboration, no explanation.  with an annoyed look around the table bang! he slams his fist down and upstairs he is asleep again.  father growls with his eyes and looks to mother concerned, she looks back, a look that says nothing to worry about, I will explain everything in the privacy of our own quarters, dear.  daughter eats and leaves the table quickly.   the house remains quiet that night.  


a week later, early, the phone lights up with a chime and james opens it:  

new message, General, read:  
 
MEADOW PARK.  between the hours 18h16-04h00  



he puts on his uniform, green cargo pants and a grey jacket, and quickly rushes outside.  sirens wail in the distance and a fine layer of soot covers the roadside.  a car is waiting for him, as he was told it would.  they head off.  


today is the Armys first live exercise.  this army, see, is made up of children.  young children well-armed with M-1s, carbines, .30 and.50 caliber machine guns, 105 mortars, recoilless rifles, the whole works.  theyve even got a single rail gun, kept hidden on the back of a pickup truck under a layer of tarp.  james himself is armed with two pistols, which he bought from a gun store in January.    


the central figure is the General, who is sixteen.  early in life he decided that war is the only path for him.  he had tried everything, but nothing else would bring him fulfillment.  as such, he became a mercenary, fighting in the Bosnian War (where he lost a toe), the Nepalese Civil War (where he lost an ear), the Kosovo War (where he lost his right hand), and the Rwandan Civil War (where he lost his left eye).  now he has returned to form his own fighting group, and lead them under his command.  


anyways so they drive down the main road of the city, passing the banks, the restaurants, the grocery stores, the gyms, the bars.  a few people mill about, a young woman jogs down the sidewalk, a homeless man stands huddled under a traffic light.  the morning sun smothers the horizon in a dull haze, struggling to pierce the thick smoke that rises from the citys outskirts.  sirens continue to shriek, closer now, as red-colored emergency vehicles routinely rush past their car.  the hollow thupthup of a distant helicopter fire-fighting via sky is heard.  high ground tactical advantage.    


then they arrive at the park.  


a quiet stillness haunts the air, as the boys get out of the car and begin to pile the weapons together in the middle of the parking lot.  the rail gun is left to the side.  nobody is there, except for a group of yoga-goers who quickly leave at the sight of children wielding guns.  kids are reckless, they know this all too well.    


circle around in formation.  they read together the General Order issued to the troops, as is custom before each exercise.  in unison: (1) you are in this army because you wanted to be.  (2) the purpose of the army is to do what the General says.  (3) dont be afraid of the noise when everybody fires (the eeeeeeeee sound).  it is a friendly noise.  (4) talking to people who are not in the army is forbidden.  they do not understand the army.  (5) this is a serious army and anybody that laughs will have their weapon taken away.  (6) what the General wants to do now is, find and destroy the enemy.  


after these words are spoken, the group of children disperse into formation and take up positions.  suddenly, one of the boys named Kaleb exclaims, hold on a second, now then who are we supposed to shoot at, General?  at each other, you fool! are we the enemy, General? we are each other's enemy now, he declares.  ROGER THAT, General the boys shout together at once.  


within seconds of the Generals declaration, the army of youth begins killing each other.    


and so from his position in a shallow hole, james closes his eyes, and thinks of his family.  his father and mother and sister who are home, just now waking up probably.  his search for meaning now comes to an end in a hailstorm of bullets.  


the park is so quiet, after.  
  
  


 
