Its the year 2060. A lot of things have changed since 2016, although not as much as you might think. Everyone thought robots would take over jobs and they were right. The fact is that theres no need for jobs anymore. Technology has completely taken over every field, every job other than supporting the technology itself and even those jobs are being less and less these days. The result? Im 46, unemployed and the chances Ill ever work again are slim and even if I did companies pay next to nothing these days. Im currently on my way to participate in whats called a walk through interview. I walk through a company, with hundreds of other job seekers and aim to displace one of their current employees. Security has progressed such that we are able to see exactly whats on the employees screen and there is no risk of compromise, there are exceptions of course, but for the most part everything an employee does is on display for the mass of job seekers walking through. This has essentially eliminated breaks, slacking off or inability to perform in the work place, since if any of these things happen you will be immediately replaced by someone walking through. I once saw four employees replaced at once because they stopped to converse with each other for a moment, needless to say competition is tough these days and I simply dont make the grade. At first there were efforts to counteract the job loss, but then as it grew direr, efforts all but ceased, there was nothing to do but watch as wealth left the common people and went more extremely than ever into the pockets of a few wealthy. Now 97% of the worlds wealth is held by one man. Every medical advancement occurs because he is ill, every research funded because he has the potential to develop that condition. This is the world we live in, a world that revolves around him. We called this man The Man Who Is the World. A freak condition that was missed by literally a team of doctors caused him to die last year and since then we refer to him as The Man Who Was the World. Many people thought that he would live forever and it was extremely surprising when he passed. Many of the jobs I apply for are supporting robots that are working on reviving The Man Who Was the World from the dead. This is what humanity is reduced to. We clamor for the opportunity to revive this one man, for he holds all the wealth in the world. The government prints more and more money, but it does nothing to fix the problem, all that new money simply flows right into his pocket, since he owns all the companies in the world, even now that hes dead.
I walk through the company, looking at all the screens of employees working away vigorously. Im jealous of them, they get to eat tonight, I wont and I suspect neither will my family, although the truth is I have no idea what has become of them, they left me when I was unable to provide food, the most basic of human needs to them. I spy a man in the corner checking his phone, many others have spotted this as well and we all rush to take the opportunity. The crowd surges toward him, but he was only checking the time, not replying to a text or taking a call. The crowd settles as he puts his phone down and keeps typing away. I curse noticing that the version of HyperTouchStudio has been updated yet again, I only just started to find my way around in the old version. Some young punk elbows me in the neck close to my jugular, I can tell it was an accident, hes pushing his way through the crowd toward another opportunity that just opened up. I just need a few dollars, just enough to eat tonight, but then again so does everyone else and that young man is stronger than me, both mentally and physically. I strain to follow him, to find out what he saw. I push my body to the limit pushing my way through the hordes of people. The young man has all but disappeared when my vision starts getting cloudy. There are black and white spots flashing in my vision and its impossible to focus. I feel a strange pressure in my left arm and collapse. An old man dying among a sea of competition. Feet stomp over my body, tripping as they run to and fro over me. As my mind fades, relief flows through me. At least I wont be hungry anymore. A last final thought comes to me; this is the future of everyone, Im a symbol of what awaits us all, I am The Man Who Is the World.