This is a work in progress piece. I k now it still needs editing and everything, but I just wanted to get this out there for now:

Im sorry Im testing you! Its just so interesting. I wish I could see the world through your eyes. What color is this? But if you can see that, why cant you see that? Youre faking it just so you can get attention. YOURE NOT COLORBLIND. 
	
Its a minor disorder, really only a slight inconvenience. Ive lived with it for my whole life; born with it, raised with it, adapted to it, and learned from it. Almost failed kindergarten because of it! Apparently thats something youre supposed to tell the teacher before starting to learn about colors. Who would have thought? 
	
Funny story how I found out I was colorblind, actually. When I was very young, I think maybe three or four years old, my mother, father, and I moved from Vermont to New Jersey, settling down in what I believe to be a blue house. I think. I dont know colors and such.  One day, we decided to head in to New York City and explore. Why not? We were only about 20 minutes away from the ferry that would take us. Anyway, this is what my mom told me of that day:
	
We were walking down the busy New York streets, I dont really remember where we were particularly in the city, but I think we were on our way to the Toys R Us. So, theres obviously a large amount of black people in the city, much larger than you had seen in Vermont. So you grab me by my hand and say 
Mom! Mom! 
Yes honey?
Why are some people green?
And I immediately lost it.

And that was that!  From there I went on to Kindergarten and never thought to tell my teacher about it and failed my first three color tests. I didnt even consider it a problem; I thought it was just something that made me unique. I actually became so proud of it that I would introduce myself and then tell people immediately that I was colorblind. 

Of course, as I got older I stopped doing that. From then it just came to be a thing that came up every now and then. People would say to look at that blue car, and Id just state that I was colorblind and brush past it. Of course for other people, that wasnt good enough. I was like a circus side show to them! That actually sounds a little harsh. Its not like I was alienated for it, just constantly quizzed, getting some colors correct, and mixing up others. Apparently people found that interesting.
Then as we all got older, I guess I happened to bring up the fact that I was colorblind a lot. I found it to be a great conversation starter, even though I hated being tested by everyone on it. I was, and still am, and awkward person, so any opportunity to start a conversation organically was appreciated, even if I didnt enjoy the topic. 

High School was when people started making fun of me for bringing it up so often. I was being accused of faking it just for attention. Why would I fake something so mundane just to get attention? I was only red/green colorblind, if I wanted to use colorblindness for attention, wouldnt I just tell people I only saw in black and white? Thats more likely to get people to be sympathetic with me, maybe guilt a girl or two into feeling bad for me. No I just told everyone because I didnt know what to talk about. I only had two friends who played World of Warcraft with me, and I wasnt with them all day, so I had to talk about something else. Whatever, its just kids being kids.

Then college came and it became something fun again! I guess people really do mature as they get older, because instead of being accused of trying to get attention, people would actually apologize! As if asking me to look for a specific color was offensive to me. The response that interested me the most was when people actually said that they wished they could see through my eyes. Why though? I still see the whole world in color; its just that instead of seeing a black person as their natural skin color, sometimes I see them as a very dark green. Its really nothing too special. 

Anyway, the whole point of this story is to say that Im colorblind and it doesn't really bother me. Its just a part of me, like the color of my hair, or my awkward walk. I never really cared about it. I never really cared about it, that is, until I met you. You, with your hipster haircut, dressed in all black, covered in tattoos and piercings. And scars; physical and emotional. Your adorable butt chin, and slender figure. With intense passion for what she believed in whether it be politics, human nature, or gender. You with your eyes

Your eyes. What color are your eyes? They are green, I know that, but that isn't enough. What shade of green? Were they Jade, the color of imperialism, Strong willed and strong minded, firm in belief and admirable in drive? Or maybe malachite, intensely banded, showing layers of complexity as well as keeping parts restraint behind said bands, away from the world to see. Perhaps Opal, gorgeous in color but incredibly frail, representing a shining outward appearance, but fragile on the inside. For all I know, maybe your eyes can be compared to that of the peridot, one of the only gemstones that comes solely in green signifying that intense uniqueness you are so proud of. 

Growing up I hated the color green. Green to me was a color of disgust, of envy, of jealousy. Why would anyone like such a color? Green had started to grow on me in recent years though. I started to see the simple beauty it offered. Green was also the color of growth, of this world we lived on, have prosperity. All simple meanings, though. That is, until I saw your eyes. Then green took on a whole new meaning to me. That green became something I longed to see, something that I wanted to have trust me. Those green eyes that seemed to pierce through me, dissect me, break me down in to the most base of forms and reduce me to nothingness, were what I wanted. 

This isnt just an infatuation with color, either. This was a true admiration for ones being behind those eyes; for the person that dwelled inside. It was a desire that transcended gender. That may not make sense either. Let me explain: you taught me to look past gender, to look at people as people, not as man and woman. Before you, gender roles didnt exist to me, but seeing a strong man and woman did. Now I see them as only strong people. And that was just from spending three days with you. Three days and you were able to teach me something new and revolutionary that my colorblind eyes were unable to look past before. Imagine what could be done with more time.

However, Ive yet to answer the question what color are your eyes? One would think that would be a difficult question for me, because it could be the imperial jade, or the banded malachite. However this is one time where I believe my colorblindness will be a boon for me. I do not see your eyes as one particular shade of green, I see your eyes as all those shades of green and more, and each of those shades contains those characteristics that I had described. That is only a scratch on the surface of the opal, though. How much more is there to you? How more is there to you behind those beautiful green eyes, butt chin, and sleek and slender figure?
