June 29, 2018, scientists sent a data file back in time. Unknown to them, five hours earlier the file had been hacked, and a virus had been added. The scientists sent the file not seeing the virus. The immediate effects of the virus could be felt.  History was being erased. The nations of Earth got together and decided to send two people back in time, Axton Legend and Luna Apollo, to kill the virus as its attacking. 
It was 15 minutes until Axton and Luna were sent back in time. 
"Are you sure this will work?" Axton asked nervously.
"All of the greatest minds on Earth have thought through every detail. Even if something does go wrong, we still have Luna to finish the job," Dr. Jemison said jokingly. Axton and Luna stepped into the pod where they will be transported. They said their goodbyes to Dr. Jemison and the whole science team. The door closed, there was a 10 second delay, then a blinding light. 
Axton opened his eyes, his head was spinning, and he felt nauseous. He looked around trying to identify where he was. He couldn't seem to place the time period. He could tell that the people were speaking an eastern European language. He saw Luna about 500 feet away from him. 
Luna ran to him and yelled, Germany, 1940! 
That couldnt be true, where are the Nazis? Thought Axton. Why are there no Nazis here? he shouted.
	Luna explained that the virus eliminated Hitler from our history, so the Nazis never came to power.
The virus couldnt be that bad if it killed Hitler, Axton thought. The pair started to walk around, seeing if the virus could be anywhere in sight. As they walked Luna noticed that the city looked depressed, like it is the ruins of a great empire. A girl limped over to Luna, her hair was knotty and unwashed, her dress had many holes, and she was very thin. As she spoke the translator chip installed in their heads translated what she said. 
	Any spare change madam? She said.
	Of course! Luna replied. She handed the girl one hundred American dollars. The girls eyes lit up. She ran to her mother to show her the dollar bill. The whole family yelled thank you. Luna and Axton smiled at them and kept walking.
	What would the virus look like? Axton asked. Luna stopped. Her jaw dropped. 
Oh my god, Luna said. Axton looked around, clueless. She pointed to the ominous looking purple clouds, the electricity from the clouds looked powerful. Luna ran towards the storm and Axton followed. In the distance he could hear people scream, and the farther they ran the louder it got. Then Axton heard a rumbling noise, he looked in the distance and saw thousands of people running from the storm, but Luna kept running towards it. As Luna ran, she pointed her smart watch at the storm.
Its the virus! We need to take a back road and get our tech out, Luna yelled to Axton. Luna turned right, and sat down, she took her backpack off and pulled out her computer. Luna handed the computer to Axton and told him to look at the virus statistics. 
Power: 1,477 petabytes strong, Purpose Axton stopped, he froze in horror looking at the screen. He looked up at Luna, shocked. 
	We cant stop it. Axton said. We have to go back to 2018.
What! Luna replied, Why! Luna walked over and took the laptop. The screen wrote the creator of the virus, the date and then it purpose. It wrote;
Purpose: TO ELIMINATE ALL UNESSISARY EVILS (HITLER, STALIN, ETC.) 
We have to do this, we have to kill the virus, Luna said.
No, the virus killed all evil from our history! The Nazis killed eleven million people alone. We cannot let millions of people die because of their race or religion. Axton replied.
Axton, humanity learns from its mistakes. The best thing for humanity is to kill the virus, Luna said. She started decoding the virus on the computer. It started to rain harder, the wind grew stronger and the crack of thunder followed after the lightning.  
I cant let you kill the virus Luna, Axton replied. He pulled his gun on Luna. 
Axton what are you doing? Luna said panicked.
Im sorry, Axton replied. His finger was preparing to pull the trigger. Luna kicked Axtons leg and jumped up. She then punched Axton in the stomach and took his gun. She pointed the gun at him.
I dont want to kill you, we have to do this! Luna said. She went around Axton and picked up the computer, making sure the gun is pointed at him. She opened it and finished decoding the virus. She was about to press enter but Axton pulled her legs causing her to trip. Luna dropped the gun, she crawled for it but Axton was too fast. He pointed the gun at her. Luna punched him and ran away. Axton pulled the trigger, and a loud bang followed. Luna screamed then fell. Axtons ears were ringing. His eyes started to get blurry. Axton was slowly fading into nothing. 
Im sorry, Axton yelled at Luna. Then he was gone. Luna crawled to the computer and pressed enter. She closed her eyes, and hit the return button on her smart watch. 
Luna woke up. She was in a hospital with doctor Jemison by her side. 
Are you okay, Dr. Jemison said.
	Yes, just a little beat up, Luna replied.
	You have been shot Luna, Dr. Jemison said concerned, but you will be okay. When 
you pressed enter you returned our history back to normal.
	Good, and how is Axton? Luna said.
	Who? Dr. Jemison said in confusion. 
