Whats up with you, Calvin? you havent been acting like yourself.

What are you talking about? Im fine.

No you arent, youve been down all night. And not just tonight, either. Youve been kinda quiet for the past few weeks now.

Jessica, what are you talking about? Dont worry about it.

Just tell me whats on your mind. Is college stressing you out?

No, its not college. I mean- nothing. Theres nothing wrong.

Tell me.

Forget it, youd probably laugh anyways.

No I wont, I promise. Whats making you sad, Calvin?

Alright, fine. Ive been thinking a lot lately-

About what?

Let me finish. Ive been thinking a lot lately a lot about life, ya know? Whats the point of my life, or your life? Nothing. There is no point. The universe is infinite. Earth is just a tiny blip on the radar. And that radar is just an obsolete tool in a giant spacecraft. And that spacecraft is just one in its fleet. And that fleet is just one of many in its armed forces. And you know what? Humankind is just a single pixel on the projector screen that is Earth. You see what I mean Jessica? Im nothing.

So what youre saying is you dont think Humankind has any significance? Theres nothing bigger out there?

What, do you mean aliens? I guess theres a chance out there. Like a fraction of a percent, if that.

So then your life isnt pointless.

No, Jessica. It is. Maybe some day humans will interact with another advanced civilization. But what role would I play in that? I could be gone tomorrow and it wouldnt change anything.

Well, why couldnt you play a role in that, Calvin?

Are you serious? Im no Albert Einstein. Im no Stephen Hawkings. Im not special enough to do anything that will put me in the textbooks. Im not even a cog in the machine. Im a subatomic particle of a loan atom in a single screw in a cog in the machine.

Well, are you saying that some peoples lives have value?

Well, yeah. But only like one hundredth of a fraction of a fraction of a percent of people. Not normal people like me, at least.

You dont have to be special to have value. If Bill Gates life has value, so does yours.

Julia, Bill Gates invented the computer. Theres no way I could do that.

Do you think Bill gates did everything all on his own?

Well, no-

No, he didnt. He had a team working with him.

Im not smart or ingenuitive enough to have been on his team.

Maybe not, but its not just his team. Friends and family, too. His workers also helped him, and so did a lot of others.

Alright, maybe if I know Bill Gates my life would have some tiny value. But I dont. And neither does a large, large majority of the world. Including you. And you know what? A life thats value revolves solely around catering to Bill Gates doesnt sound that appetizing, either.

Listen, Calvin. Bill Gates dropped out of college, right?

Yeah, he did.

Do you think if he hadnt dropped out, he would have had the same success and impact on the world that he does now?

I dont know Jessica. Maybe, maybe not.

Yeah, maybe not is right. He might not have started his business at the right time, or not have started it at all, if he hadnt dropped out.

Whats your point?

Listen. There are two groups of people who drop out of college. The first group does it out of necessity. They cant afford tuition, maybe because they lost a scholarship. Or maybe they flunked out. The second group drops out of college because they think they have a plan for success. A plan that doesnt need a degree.

Okay?

Look, Calvin. Im not sure about the first group, but that second group of dropouts doesnt make that decision spontaneously. They think about it for a long time. They talk to others to get their opinions. Million dollar ideas dont form overnight, ya know?

I dont see where you are going with this

So Bill, he thought about dropping out to start his business. He did that for a long time; thinking, that is.. Maybe, he was ready to drop out of school long before he did, but he chose to stay in because he feared that his parents would disapprove. And you know what, Calvin? Maybe the day that Bill Gates dropped out, he did so because he got a call from his mother for the first time in months. And maybe he told his mom all of his grand plans, and his mom expressed her full support, so he decided to go ahead and take the gamble.

Too bad Im not his mom.

You dont have to be his mom. Maybe, the reason why Bills mom decided to call him, was because she had a conversation with her maid earlier in the day about family, and it made her miss Bills voice. She called Bill Gates because her maid decided to have a meaningful conversation with her.

Im not his maid, either.

Youre missing the point, Calvin. Why did the maid decide to come up to her boss and have a friendly chat? Maybe, she was in a good mood that day, because the person in line next to her at the Supermarket decided to smile and ask her how her day was. Its little things like that that brighten up peoples days.

I get what youre trying to say, but thats a lot of ifs and maybes. Really, what are the odds that smiling and being friendly with someone leads to Bill Gates dropping out of college? Honestly, it seems about as unlikely as winning the lottery. And for that matter, what are the odds that he actually dropped out due to what happened in your story?

Youre right, it is unlikely. But you know what? Someone has to win the lottery. And with a lottery, you only get a few chances to win. How many interactions do you have a day? I dont just mean having a full blown conversation with someone. Even making eye contact counts. How many of those interactions do you have a day? hundreds? No. Thousands, probably. And Bill Gates isnt the only person who had a major effect on the human population. So over a lifetime, dont you think theres a pretty damn good chance that one of your millions of human interactions leads to something major? Its a butterfly effect, Calvin. And thats why your life matters, and why mine does, too.

I dont think the chance is that great, Jessica. I think youre crazy.

Calvin gazed into the stars, a soft smile curling from the corners of his lips.