This is my first time: there's alot of things that seem irrelevant (like the two years ago part, you can just not read that if you want) because I left it unfinished, there's also alot of things I could've expanded on but I'm just too lazy. Be gentle.


Two years ago

SLAP! The man looked young and inexperienced and after receiving that slap, his elbow slipped and his face turned off a switch which would cause the solar panels to not work. Stop staring at my chest you pervert! Remember were just here to get supplies 

Ow! Theyre just so perfect! You should take it as a compliment! After leaving the room, he made sure everything on his task list was done except one, the switch was meant to be turned on and he was debating in his mind whether he was bothered to go back and turn it on or not. Ehh The power never runs out and we only need the solar panels to power the backup generators right? Itll be fine.

The last time I was happy

I was so happy, I got to go on a trip to Tokyo to visit some relatives! It was going to be great! Too bad Andre and Michelle, my two best friends, couldnt come with me. There they were, ready to see me off. Man I mean, sure I got the looks but you get to go to Tokyo! I wish I could! Thats Andre, always making jokes. Michelle however burst into tears, Here take this to remember us bye, it was a clay imprint of all three of our hands we made when we were kids, I put it safely in my bag I know youre only going to be gone for two weeks but still.
Alright, wave bye!
On the plane I was absolutely filled with euphoria, so much that I could barely control my bladder so I decided to take a trip to the toilet. On the way, I felt a cold feeling as if we entered a horrible place but I brushed it off as nothing. Then it started. I looked into the cockpit and through the pilots window, there was a dome A dome in the middle of nowhere, before I could think about it a masked man just appeared in there with the two pilots and then somehow a blade shot out of his wrist. He slit both of their wrists and aimed the plane downwards.

CH 1

I woke up to a devastating sight of blood, wreckage and a stench of evil. I looked to my right: my dad was there with an empty look on his face and his legs were missing, I looked to my left: my mum was blanketed in blood. Thats all I could think about, the blood. My mind told me to run into the nearby bushes as I could see a car headed towards. I tried but I couldnt. My head flopped down and I noticed a small hole on my wrist but then a man with a gun took me away.

CH 2

Now I was in a room with a menacing looking man in a white coat in front of me. It was an office with two armed guards outside the door. You are a survivor of nuclear fallout. This is the dome where survivors live, theres no food here so we resort to having controlled death matches and eat each other. You may look down on it but its certainly better than all of us starving to death. There are three districts, one, two and three. Think nothing of them, its just a way to divide the domes area, I knew this wasnt wrong I mean nuclear fallout? Survivor? I was just in my home town full of life, then he stared at me: silently confirming my thought You try say anything else and youll be killed.
Outside a boy slightly younger than me came up to me Lets be friends. My name is Jack. Youre new around here so Ill help you out! I agreed. He offered me a piece of meat, it smelled just like the plane and my parents. I gagged and shook my head. Hmm Youll be hungry but ok. Follow me, Ill take you to where I sleep and you can get some rest.


CH 3

The next day, Jack said he wanted to show me how we get our food. He took me to a chamber with two people fighting inside. How can you watch this? Theres two people killing each other! People are even betting. I dont get this Youre all so fine with this! How? Its barbaric! Its Horrible-Before I could continue, the bigger guy inside the chamber (the one in Jacks gang) ripped the other guys neck open with his teeth. The blood. All I could do is scream.
I dont remember what happened after that but I was in a room with a big number four on it. Hey sleeping beauty, you finally awake huh? I was too groggy to answer Looks like you were in district two before they found out you were a morpher. My names Jillian. Do you remember what happened?
No. whats a morpher?
A morpher is someone who has metallic cells in their body. We use em to fight, defend, theyre pretty much extra limbs except they can change shape and are really powerful. You used your ability to stop the guards from taking you. You lasted about five minutes, When they found out you were a morpher, they erased the memory of anyone that had seen you prior and out you in district four with the rest of us.  Were kept secret from the people of district one to three and their guards. Also you probably already know this but that story the overseer told you about the nuclear fallout crap-ahh so thats who he was is a lie. That never happened, theres a whole world out there that you just came from right? The domes purpose is to study us morphers and control the worlds population by getting us to kill each other, dont worry though morphers are given real food. Anyway, were going to escape, me, Brian and the rest of us morphers.

CH 4

There we were, I had learnt to fight and was helping the others escape. Slicing these guards up was fun. I could only think that because of how much I changed and grew to hate these guys. All right, theres only three of us left, were nearly there! Lets not let their deaths be in vain! Were going to get out and expose this place! Then Brian the resistances leader, someone who I had looked up to, betrayed us. He had his blade to my neck and was laughing. Just laughing. SLECK! Jillian saved me. Brian was dead and we were both outside the dome. Theres a car coming are way! Ill distract it, you go on! That was the last I heard of Jillian.

CH 5

Im here now. Ive just arrived home after days of hitching rides or running if I couldnt. I see them! Andre! Michelle! They looked back. Um Hi? Who are you? why is he acting like he doesnt know me? And why isnt Michelle in tears? Its me guys! Dont you remember me? Their faces were blank. A tear fell down my cheek. Then I showed them the clay imprint of all three of our hands we made when we were kids  the one Michelle gave me. Their mouths opened wide. Oh my god! How did we forget? The waterworks started We missed you so much-
You shouldve let them forget a voice from my pocket? It was a small metal pea They were listening! A car drove by and shot the only people I had left. I was taken with the car.
