Disclaimer: This is based off of Star Wars and is not part of the main universe.

I woke up as I do every day, get out of bed and make it, have a sonic shower and brush my teeth after. All my room is made up of is a small bed, with a desk next to it, the bathroom and the little area around the door. All of us Sith Adepts stay in little rooms in the academy, we train every day with our lightsabers in the training grounds and learn the ways of the Dark Side of the Force. 
We always start our training reciting Sith code. 
Peace is a lie, there is only passion. 
Through passion, I gain Strength.
Through strength, I gain power. 
Through Power, I gain Victory. 
Through Victory, my chains are broken. 
And after that we move on to our lightsaber training where we spar one on one. 
Yrukiaof! Youre up with Mabel again today! said Master Duran firmly. 
Yes master I said, and Mabel and I walked over to one of the dueling mats at the far corner of the training ground. We drew our practice lightsabers, and moved over to our starting spots. 
You ready for another beating brother Mabel gloated with excitement. 
Lets just get started shall we I said with annoyance. 
Thats more like it! Mabel said with a grin.

Our duels usually ended in Mabel defeating me, but today I shall be the one that becomes victorious. We turned on our lightsabers, looking each other in the eyes. All sense of kinship replaced with hatred and the desire the defeat the other. We started pacing around each other, still staring each other straight in the eyes, waiting for the other to strike first. Finally I broke the tension swinging my lightsaber, towards her, she blocked, sparks emitting as the each saber clashed.
We dueled like this every day, usually for hours, this time I was feeling even more determined to defeat Mabel, I can feel power coursing within me, giving me strength. Blades are coursing through the air, spinning in perfect slow motion. Before I fully realised it, I had hit Mabel on the thigh, she reeled back in pain, the fight was over and I had won!

Our duels ended if one of us was hit, and Id managed to land the first hit on Mabel. Over the course of the day I managed to beat Mabel several times, we both had many burns over our body, but we were used to them.
Well done brother, you have managed to defeat me several times today, you wont be so lucky tomorrow. Im going to meditate in my room. Mabel said as she walked away, leaving me to stand on my own near the dueling mat watching her walk off into the academy.

Later on that night I was meditating, I heard a knock on my door, I thought it was just Master Duran coming to check up on my so I went to the door and was surprised to find Mabel standing outside, she quickly jumped into my room and closed the door quietly. She grabbed me and pushed me against the wall holding me there for a second, looking into my eyes before coming in close and whispering in my ear We need to get out of this academy.

I had known about this for a while now, but I never thought she would actually come to me with a plan for it. 
Ok, so whats the plan then I asked. 
We need to sneak out of the academy to where they store their shuttles, its only just outside the gates. We will need to go light so only bring your lightsaber, oh and turn it on full power, we are not in training anymore she said with a grin on her face. She seemed really excited about this. 

She started walking towards the door, but stopped before she got to it, she is only a couple of steps away from me, she turned back towards me and stared deeply into my eyes, her eyes so blue in the dim light that was my room. I started walking towards her as she to me, only a step away from each other, and then we are fully embraced in each others arms, our lips connect as we are lost in the moment, nothing else matters as we are safe in each others arms. After what seemed an eternity we slowly pull away from each other.  And that was it. She quickly left my room, leaving me to stand in my own silence.

The next night Mabel came into my room, we kissed each other again then it was on to our mission. We would sneak along the corridors trying to avoid any chance of encountering anyone, we made the plan then we were off. We slowly crept out my door, trying to make the least amount of noise possible, and then we made our way off down the corridor. It was a relatively long corridor, wide enough for three people to stand next to each other side by side comfortably, it lead straight to the outside where the gravel path lead to the gate. We were walking quickly down the gravel path towards the gate, there were two sith guards standing watch over the gate, Mabel and I snuck from each side of the wall to the gate, we knew what we had to do. I threw a rock in front of the gate, as expected the guards turned around, Whos there one of the guards said. There was silence, the guards started moving towards our side of the gate, as soon as they were in view we leapt, our lightsabers burning straight through their stomachs, and then it was all over. We quickly hid their bodies behind one of the bushes and then we were on our way to the hangar. 

Our adrenaline was going, the force was running strong without us, and there was no stopping us now. We reached the hangar, it was much bigger than I had thought as it holds three shuttles, each of them about eighty feet long. We crept around to the back door and quickly cut a hole in it, just enough for us to fit inside. The corridor led straight into the hangar, we stared each other in the eyes and moved on down the corridor and were met by a wide area, and the shuttle was ten metres away. 
If we make a dash for the shuttle we could get to it before anyone sees and get off this planet I said taking lead of the situation. Mabel just nodded and we were off, running as quickly and quietly as possible and then out of nowhere Master Duran appeared out of nowhere in front of the shuttles cargo ramp, standing between us and the shuttle.

So, it is as I predicted, your plan to escape has followed through Master Duran said with disappointment. 
I cannot allow you to leave this planet, nor can I allow you to live, knowing that you have lost faith in our teachings he said, allowing his lightsaber to come to life, the vibrant red saber glowing in the almost dark room that was the hangar. We turned ours on in response, our lightsabers beaming even brighter now. Master Duran was just staring at us, I could tell that he was tense, ready and waiting for one of us to make the first move on him. Id had enough, we had wasted enough time, and we were getting off this planet whether or not he lived or died, preferably dead. My hatred fueled me to make the first move, throwing myself at him, lightsaber blazing through the air finally coming down to strike his blade. Mabel moved in and attacked from the left, going for his leg, but Master Duran was much more skilled and was able to block it. The next few minutes went by in a frenzy of lightsabers clashing, sparks emitting as we lunged and blocked Master Durans attacks. Out of nowhere Mabel was struck in the leg, I was in shock as Duran force pushed her away. She was unconscious but alright despite the wound, that fueled my hatred even more, and I swung my lightsaber in a controlled fury at Master Duran. The lightsabers clashed even more violently, I swung left, I swung right, and then I stabbed.

Everything stopping as I stabbed Master Duran, right through the stomach, the lightsaber had gone straight through and was poking out his back, after a what seemed like forever I withdrew my lightsaber from the hole in his stomach and he dropped to the floor slowly, like time was moving slow, making me watch my Master die before me, making it more painful each second that passed by, finally hitting the floor, so softly and quietly. He lay there looking into my eyes, until the last breath had left his chest and all the life had drained out his body. I had won.

I quickly grabbed Master Durans lightsaber, and ran over to Mabel, from the look of it her leg didnt seem to be too badly injured. 
Mabel! Are you alright I said, trying to get her up. 
Ill be alright once we get onto that shuttle, and preferably before the other Sith get here, as Im sure they heard us she said.
Sounds like a great idea to me I said, picking her up. I carried her up into the shuttle and put her down next to the pilots seat. 
Alright, lets get off this planet shall we I said, looking at Mabel with a big grin. She was just staring out the window at the vast expanse that was what we call space. I set the coordinates for Tatooine and we made the jump for light speed.
