The Walk Along the Wall
By: W. Masters

My name is Walt Masters and I'm walking along a Wall. It's not solid. It doesn't even block the light. I can see others walking and moving behind it. I can hear their muffled voices but I can't make out what they are saying. I feel like I've been walking along this Wall my entire life. And I'm not alone. 
 
Everyone is on this side of the Wall with me except the voices on the other side. Why are they there? What makes them different? Different. I fucking hate that word. I just want to be normal. Yet I always feel so different. I feel the others eyes on me at all times. Watching and not understanding. Not accepting. And hating and fearing. Why? What did I do? I don't want to be different. I don't want to keep walking along the Wall, but I can't stop. Am I only different on this side!? Yes that must be it. If I can get through this fucking Wall I'll belong. I'll be normal! Those people, they are the ones I'm suppose to be with, not these people. I can see them. I can even hear them. But how do I get there? And why isn't anyone else looking for the door? 
 
I've been walking along the Wall my entire life. Looking for the entrance to the other side. Asking anyone I could find for help in getting through. Help in finding the door. The door that leads to the other side. Looking for pieces of a puzzle that when put together give me the map to other side. Sometimes I feel closer to that door and sometimes it feels so far away, like I'll never reach it. Those are scary times. To think I'll be stranded on this side for the rest of my life sucks hope from my soul. It makes me feel so afraid. 
 
Was everyone else searching at one point? Did they just give up? If so, why don't I see anyone else looking anymore. I know I can't see everyone but I feel so alone.  
 
As I walk along the Wall I run my hands gently over it. I can feel how smooth and fragile it is. It's so permeable yet so indestructible.  I know that if I at least keep it within touch that I won't stray too far from it. I'm afraid if I stray too far I'll never be able to find my way back. And even if I want to keep searching I wont be able to. 
 
There have been times where I've gotten fed up with searching. I've given up all hope of finding the door but not the desire to look. So I'd try to just run through the fucking Wall. I summon all the energy I am able to muster and I lower my head and run full speed at it. It doesnt fucking move an inch. At times I think I find the doorway and I gently push against the Wall, I can feel the Wall give slightly under the pressure of my touch and it gives me hope. I know that there is a way to get through, there has to be. I just need to find it.
 
But even when the Wall gives way I know this isn't my doorway. I know I'm just pushing on the imprints of someone who passed before me. I can always see the past remains of the path of others through the Wall. I've become fascinated with it. Studied it. Trying to learn from them. You see the twists and turns in their path but I can't walk on it. I can't even get fucking near it. I try and before too long I have to turn around. This isn't my doorway this was theirs.  Each one is different and once its been used it can never be used again. 
 
It's a scary feeling. It's terrifying to think I'll never find the entrance to the other side. I want it so bad that I can feel it in my bones. It permeates everything within me and brings tears to my eyes thinking I won't make it. Why isn't anyone else searching? Why are they just wandering around aimlessly! I want to help them. I want to grab them by their hand and fucking scream, "LOOK!!! DON'T YOU SEE IT!!! DON'T YOU SEE HOW BEAUTIFUL THE OTHER SIDE IS!!! HELP ME FIND IT AND WE CAN ALL GO TOGETHER!!!"
 
But it's not true. Everyone can't go to the other side. They don't even care. They are happy here. Should I disturb that? Should I help them reach what I know is better despite their fear, despite their pre-existing beliefs, despite it all. If I can find the doorway do I even have a choice? If I find the doorway won't everyone else see it when I open it and follow anyway? 
 
No. 
 
If another searcher sees me, maybe. But I've been walking along this Wall my whole life and I've only encountered a few others like me along the way. Athena is one of those people. She doesn't know it yet. She may never, but I won't ever stop trying to get her to see it. She gave that gift to me and I need to give it to her. I need her to know that feeling. I may not be able to walk everyone through that Wall but she belongs with me on the other side. I know my path is not really my path, it's our path. 
 
But what if I'm wrong. Is it worth getting to the other side without her? Do I really want to be there alone. If she never feels the need to search,  to look for a door, what should I do? Should I leave her? Should I give up? Should I abandon my search to be with the woman I love. It's a scary choice to make. One I dont want to ever make. One I won't ever have to make. No, not Athena. She's like me! She has to be. I see it in her even if she doesnt' see it in herself. Fuck. How do I bring it out? How do I show her it's ok to search. It's ok to want to be different. It's ok to BE different. Different is what's beautiful. And she's the most beautiful person I've ever met. Her soul has such innocence that she doesn't even realize she needs to look for the door. She's content on this side, but not for the same reasons as everyone else. She's content the way a child is and it's so beautiful. 
 
If I awaken the need to search within her will we lose what we have? Will she lose what she has? Will she begin to search without me? Isn't that selfish. Selfish to want to keep this feeling inside and not tell her for fear she may find her own path through the Wall. A path without me. 
 
No.
 
She needs to know. She needs to know that feeling in her gut that's been bothering her is this feeling. It's this need to search. She feels it even if she doesn't know it. She found me walking along the Wall. I use to think she didn't understand what I was doing, that she was like everyone else. Looking at me and not understanding. But I was wrong. Fuck I was wrong. 
 
She found me walking along the Wall because she was too, even if she didn't know it. We found each other searching along the Wall. She was a beacon in the darkness. Right when I started to lose hope that I'd ever get through the Wall. Right when I felt the last bit of desire beginning to fade. She came and found me. She wasn't searching aimlessly like me, trying to find her way through. She knew she had a path through and was waiting for it too appear before her. Not idly, but patiently. She knew it would come. She knew she would find her path. That unwavering confidence is contagious. It spilled into me. I use to fight it. I use to get angry at her for making me feel it again. But not anymore. Because I think I've found the door. And I never would have been able to do it without her. 
 
We grab hands as tight as we can. I have Athena's hand in my right hand and my left hand running along the Wall. As we walk the path together I begin to feel the strength of the Wall falter the more than we walk.  It's getting weaker but stronger at the same time. I didn't realize it until now. What I was searching for wasn't my path through the Wall, it was her. I had been looking for her. Because somewhere deep in the essence of my being I knew she was out there. I knew I needed to find her before I could find my path through the Wall. 
 
Well I've found her. And now we are searching together. And the fear and worry of not finding my doorway is gone. Her embrace melts it away from me. Her love is unwavering and it gives me such strength. Strength to continue our search forever if need be. But also strength in knowing, even if my left hand continues to search but never finds my doorway to the other side, Athena will always be by my side telling me not to give up hope in my search. 
