Ch. 1

"Come on honey, you are going to be late for work." Oh that voice, that sweet tender voice of my wife, why must you disturb me from my sleep? I had fun last night, at her mother's celebrating my wife's 23rd birthday. Now it's wake up and be at work at a certain time. Time this, time that. It is frustrating, allow me to work when I want to work, and if I don't work, don't pay me. Simple as that. I drag myself out of the bed and get ready for work. I work as a networking engineer in Buffalo, New York, pays well enough and my wife also works so money is not that big of a deal. I kiss my beautiful wife goodbye she whispers, "Goodbye Peter." I whisper back, "Goodbye my darling, we will go out for dinner once I get back."  
  
Work was boring as usual, just the routine same old same old. I leave work and forgot my keys up 5 levels. Quickly go get them and I enter my red 06' Chevrolet Monte Carlo. Pull out of the car garage. God it is just all the same, everyday routine, routine, routine. Except as I pull out into the street I notice a little kid standing there on the sidewalk. Maybe 5 or 6 no parent near by, I assume there has to be a parent around and leave him be so if there is a parent, the parent doesn't accuse me of a child molester. I drive and look back, he just stares at me, my car, am I going too fast? I look at him curiously for some time.  
  
The screech, the screams and the smell of gasoline, oh no. Everything goes black. I fade in, I am loaded onto a stretcher, the paramedics are asking me questions but I cannot respond. Everything goes black, will I be fine? I don't know I let the darkness wash over me.    
  
Ch. 2  
"I know, doctor, but it has been 11 years the medical improvements have been amazing, absolutely wonderful. Stop saying that he has a slim chance of waking up, he is strong enough to wait that long." Oh that voice, I suddenly say, "I know the truth." Suddenly my wife jumps up, she is full of tears and shouts, "Oh Peter! I knew you could!" She hugs me tight the doctor rushes back, absolutely astonished. The doctor says he will be back in a bit so I can be with my wife. It feels so good to have her in my embrace, she has aged a tiny bit but yet still astonishingly beautiful. "11 years, Peter. So much has happened it will be scary for you but I will always be here for you. What were you saying about truth? It was the first thing you said when you woke up." I respond, "I will tell you later, let's get out of this hospital for now. It is amazing to see you once again." The doctor says I am good to leave and I check out.   
  
I step outside, the doctor told me it is July 3, 2026. So much has changed, the Buffalo I used to know has undergone quite the change. There are more major skyscrapers now, though everything isn't white and clean as people might have thought back in 2015. The best I could describe is an updated Tokyo. My wife tells me to get in the car, I notice no steering wheel, guess automated cars really were the future. "It's almost curfew, honey let's just get home and I can tell you all about what has happened in these 11 years." Curfew? What? It is almost 10:00, last time I checked in 2015 there was never such thing as a curfew in Buffalo. I think my wife will be more shocked than I am right now when I tell her "The truth"...  
  
  
Author's Edit: First story I have sat down and actually created, there is huge plans for the short story. Probably plan on creating one a day, 2-3 chapters each for about 4 or 5 total parts. I will just have to see how it all turns out. Thank you so much for reading and check back tomorrow :)

