It was over. He exhaled with relief. He sat in silence for a few more moments as the tension of his abdomen relaxed. The red of his face began to fade away. His eyes remained closed; his jaw relaxed, though he was still biting his bottom lip. There was a party outside the little room. Dance music with pumping bass penetrated through the wood and plaster of the walls. 

His pants around his ankles and over his tennis shoes, he stood up to have a look back at the thing. Slightly smaller than it felt, but it was a specimen indeed. He felt pride at excreting a thing of such substantial girth, form and bold mocha color. He wiped, pulled up his pants, pushed down the flusher and moved to the sink to wash his hands.

As he washed, he looked at himself in the mirror and grinned, as if the person he saw was some unknown, yet familiar charming man to whom he was being introduced. He dried his hands on a towel. He lightly batted back a tuft of his combed, brown hair. Hello there, you, he said to his reflection. He made a few faces, he smiled and pointed to himself. He made a regal, kingly expression. He grinned at the silliness of it all. Then he glanced over at the flushing toilet.
 
The water didnt go down. It was full to the brim. At this sight, that feeling of giddy elation was sucked out of him. His lips pursed. His hands clenched into fists. 

Son of a bitch, he said to himself, staring down at the throne, Why now? Why me? The still, dirty water revolved slowly, without regard to his interrogation. 

He paced. He looked down at the porcelain. He paced some more. There was no plunger. There was no toilet brush. There were no windows. There was no way out. What do I do?

He put his thumb against his lips to think. The clean lavender smell of the Dove liquid hand soap relaxed him, but a feeling of impending doom permeated to his soul. He looked down at the toilet. You dirty motherfucker, he said.

He looked at his watch. They must be wondering what had happened to him in there. Some of them, he was sure, already knew what was going on. Whether he would remedy the situation on his own, or give in and go outside to whisper to Terrence, the owner of the house, for a plunger, it didnt matter; enough time had passed that they would all know what was happening. They would laugh at him. They would laugh in that silent, whispering way that is so much more shameful. The idea of opening the door and being seen mortified him.

He looked down. He had no idea what to do. He only knew that in a few minutes, for better or worse, this would be over. He could not stay in there forever. Soon someone would knock and he would have to explain.

As he gazed at the water he noticed the slow way it moved and swirled, the cloud that covered the waste beneath. He was transfixed with it. It danced. It mocked him. It laughed hysterically. He felt lower than he had ever been in his life. He cursed at himself and bit his thumbnail.

He looked back at the mirror. His face was no longer proud, but flaccid and lifeless. His eyes were sunken, drooping and dark. His jaw hung loose, his arms unmoving at his sides. In his mind he heard laughter. Awful, derisive, burlesque laughter.

The water level had gone down about halfway. He thought there might be an opportunity to flush again, and with a little luck it would go away, and he could get back to the party with less humiliation. He made no haste, for he had no choice. He flushed, but the water made no motion downward at all. It built right back up, right to the brim. Only god could intervene now. 

At first he didnt hear it. Someone knocked on the door. Tom, a voice said over the music, its Mary, are you in there?

Be right out.

Okay. Terrence says dont try to flush the toilet; its brokennumber one only!

He looked at the bowl of brown water. Okay, said Tom.

He was starting to sweat now. The pressure was building. He couldnt bear it. He fantasized about tunneling out through the floorboards with his fingernails, and getting out to freedom in the cold night. He imagined how it would be: he would break through, outside the building, and see the bright moon in the purple midnight sky, then send Mary a text, saying, Family emergency. Had to go to the hospital. Sorry! Lets hang out again soon!

He fantasized about dying, about the relief of being dead and not having to experience the human shame of clogging your host's toilet. Sweet, tranquil death. To sleep, perchance to dream.

He realized the awful truth, what he had to do. There was no more time to ruminate and avoid it. There was no plunger, no way out. The only way out was deeper in. He looked at the mirror, into his eyes,  and took off a gold ring and rolled up the sleeve of his right hand. He looked at the toilet, and got on one knee. It will all be over soon, he thought.

He reached his hand into the toilet bowl, into the water. He felt for it. He found it. As tried to grasp it, it would dissolve. The more he tightened his grip, the more it slipped through his fingers. Tears started welling in his eyes. Tears of shame, tears of disgust. Tears of the sublime.

Then, a great noise broke through the dance music and voices of the party. It was an awful, ancient horn of war. The dense, terrible sound, penetrated the wall of the bathroom, and then a white knight with a lance on a white horse crashed through the bathroom wall.

The knight put down the horn. My lord, said the knight, Come with me. The knight grabbed Tom by the hand and pulled him onto his horse. The knight said a few words in French that rhymed, and the horse leapt into the air, and down into the toilet. It sucked them in. They disappeared down the tube.

On the back of the white horse with the white knight, they came out of the tube to another world. The sky was pink and bright. There were rainbows, and shooting stars and the grass was baby blue. The horse sprouted wings, and took flight. Tom and the knight laughed, and laughed. He asked the knight where they were. This is where you were born, my lord. I have taken you home!

In the distance there was a great castle capped with snow. They flew to the very top, and landed. They were greeted by an old, boney king with a white beard that flowed down his elegant robes to his feet. A lady was there too, beautiful and youthful, with black hair, blue eyes and snow-white skin. She had a necklace covered in rainbow jewels, and when Tom got off the white horse, she kissed him on the hand and said, I have been waiting for you, my lord.

They went in to the castle, down a spiral staircase, through several corridors lit by torches, and finally made their way into a large dining hall. Laid out on a long, wooden table at which fifty guests were seated was an ample feast. Twelve roast ducks, five legs of pork, sixteen geese, pies of all kinds, bread, and sweet gravy made of berries, and goblets of wine. It was a feast for the anointing of a new king. 

Tom was crowned and anointed with holy oils; songs played, and Tom went to his throne to taste the roast goose. It was tender and succulent, and the gravy was rich. With a look of great pride and regality, he looked upon his new subjects. He raised his ornate, pearl encrusted goblet, and his subjects raised theirs. He made a silent toast, and then the crowd cheered his name: Long live Tom! We love you! He felt a lump in his throat, and a tear of joy trickled from his eye.



Terrence, followed by Mary and the other partygoers, when they had heard the great noise, went down the hall to the bathroom, but the door was locked. Terrence found the key in his sock drawer, and made his way through the people to open the door. What they found left them with a feeling they would never experience again.

They found that there was nothing left in that bathroom at all: the rug, the toothbrushes, the floss, the shampoo, the towels, it had all disappeared. It was as if the bathroom were part of an unfurnished for-sale apartment. The toilet bowl had no water in it, just a brown film along the porcelain. All that was left, there on the floor, was Toms golden ring, which shone in the fluorescent bathroom light.
