this is my first short story guys. would appreciate it if you could let me know where i can patch up on this story


Is he a monster? Why do others always say these things about me? I am just a normal person with a few differences to other people. I dont know why but I get this feeling of enjoyment, happiness, pleasure when I see other people suffer. 

It was a dark Sunday afternoon. The clouds were turning dark.  Looks like its going to rain soon I said to myself. My name is Jack. Jack Cross. I went out of my house and got into my car. As soon as I started up my car it started pouring. Damn, looks like it will take awhile I thought to myself. I pulled out of the driveway and started driving towards my destination. I took a while to enjoy the scenery as I was on my way to my next customer. 


After a few miles I had arrived. I stopped my car and got out. In front of me loomed an old and weary house. I checked and the curtains were not drawn and the lights were on. Looks like somebodys home, great I thought to myself while trying to hide my grin on my face. I walked up the stairs to the front door and rang the doorbell. I heard the ringing echo throughout the old house, bouncing off the walls of the halls and becoming softer. Soon enough I heard footsteps and the door locked clicked open and I was met with and elderly lady. Around her mid 50s I assumed. 


Oh you must be the electrician I called for she greeted me with a warm smile on her face, which was soon enough to turn into horror did she know what was going to happen to her next. Yes, I am the electrician who you had called. May I know where u needed me to fix? I replied. Why oh yes! The bulb in the main bathroom upstairs is blown and now its hard for me to see especially at night without my glasses Old age has done a number on me and now I can barely see without my glasses! she replied whilst chortling heartily. Follow me, Ill lead you the way she told me.

I entered the house. It was old as I suspected and the walls looked like they could collapse at any moment. I checked to check if any windows were open in case the neighbors could hear what was going to happen soon. None were open. Good for me, makes the job easier for me then. Here we go. Its this pesky little light bulb that needs to be fixed. She told me. I see I replied whilst looking around making sure nobody was around. Once I confirmed nobody was around I quietly reached from my toolbox and took out a piece of cloth that was covered with chloroform enough to make her faint for awhile while I prepared. Quickly I reached for her nose and made her breath the chloroform and soon she passed out. I quickly got to work. I went back to my car to get my tools out of the boot. Once back in the toilet I quickly tied the old lady up so that when she woke up she couldnt escape. 


A few minutes later she came to and looked around her trying to get her bearings. Once she remembered the previous incident her eyes immediately locked to me. What are you going to do to me? she questioned me. Without replying I calmly took out a syringe and brought it to her hand. What is that? she asked, her voice trembling with fear. Calmly and quietly I whispered into her ears, This is a very poisonous venom that will make you unable to move your body but still be able to feel pain and touch. Quickly realization dawned on her face which was then quickly replaced with fear. I squealed at the sight of her face, barely containing my joy at the fear on her face. She screamed as the needle pierced her flesh and the venom seeped into her bloodstream slowly preventing her from mobbing her limbs. Once she was completely immobile I slowly took out a surgeons knife and slowly and calmly pierced her top layer of skin. Blood poured out of the wound that I made and her screams of pain filled the room. Oh how I enjoyed this moment of joy. I quickly got to work skinning her alive and cherished every single moment of her screams of pain. Once there was no more skin I took out an axe and started to chop her into average chunk sizes. After my work was done I packed what was left of the old lady into plastic airtight boxes so as to prevent them from rotting too fast. The skin was put into a jar with a special liquid to prevent it from rotting or ever going bad. I brought my work back to my car making sure nobody saw what was happening. Lucky for me nobody was around and I was unnoticed. I cleaned up after myself making sure nothing was left dirty or filled with blood. I changed out of my shirt due to all the blood that splattered onto my shirt during the process.


After cleaning up I got back into my car and drove home. Once I reached home I brought the peeled skin to add to my collection of specimens. As for the meat I packed some into the freezer and the rest I cooked for my dinner. I enjoyed the savory taste of the meat of another fellow human. Human meat had a distinct taste that could not be replaced by any other meat in the world. And like that my night ended and it grew dark. I went to bed and slept humming myself to sleep at the success of my little excursion. Today was such an eventful day as I thought myself while lying on the bed surrounded by all my past customers. The night grew late and I saw myself growing groggy and soon enough I fell asleep a day ended and a new day was starting soon 
