Sir Jared swung his horse about, a taunting grin across his face. The animal let loose a shrill nicker as metal spurs bit into its ribs. 

The Lady will take your head for this, knight, the other man called from the dirt, sneering over the last word. Mud streaked the fallen mans armor and the four fingered gauntlet insignia on his shield. Sir Jared reined in above his grounded opponent, Edmund Shillands.

That sigil is more fitting for you, I think, Jared replied. Edmund Shit-Hands, theyll call you.

Edmund struggled onto his belly to raise himself, a challenge enough for a man of his weight without a plate armor shell. A few questions and the knight goes wholly mad, he muttered.

As Edmund raised himself to his knees, Jared edged his horse closer, extended his sword, and jabbed at a crease in Edmunds hind armor, knocking the man face-first back into the muck. Jared smirked down at the the fat warrior twisting and kicking about like an overturned cockroach. He opened his mouth to call out another insult, but the words soured on his lips, and his grin collapsed into a scowl. 

Fine, Shit-Hands, run home to your Lady and her castle. Squeal out your tale, how I rode you down, disarmed you, and beat you bruised when you questioned my destination. Ill tell you where Im going, Im leaving this damned place. Jared cast his gaze about, then turned back to Edmund, the faded smirk reforming. And Im taking your horse.

Overhead, a blot in the sky was growing.
 
...

Lady Ellyn gazed down at the dirt encrusted man at arms, the four fingers on her left hand tapping intently. The man was speaking.

My Lady, you simply cannot let this stand. I have been dishonored. It took me most of the night to return here, robbed, beaten whilst unarmed, my feet heavy, my pride wounded. Think on what precedent would it set, to let him off without punishment. Think on what the court would think, knowing your history as it is. My Lady-

The Lady cut in. Edmund, I hear you. She shifted in the high seat, throwing a brief, dull glance upward at the beamed ceiling. When Sir Jared returns, he will be punished as suits his misconduct.

My Lady, no. She raised an eyebrow at this, her head tilting. The heavy man flushed, and continued, What I mean is, the man has no intention of returning. His own words, My Lady. He intends to move beyond your jurisdiction forever.

Lady Ellyn held her eyes unfaltering upon Edmunds disheveled figure for a weighted moment. 

Interesting, she finally muttered. The Lady turned her attention to the slick and thin guardsman at her side. Collect Sir Jareds daughter from the cells. Then well retrieve our runaway knight. I will be accompanying you.

When the sun reached the height of its arc, a party of twelve set out on horseback from beneath the oaken portcullis. A washwoman in the tower, eyeing their departure through a stone framed window, chanced to look up. She squinted at the oddity in the western sky, a red-brown dot like a swelling welt. 

...

The heavens murmured, almost in anticipation. Sir Jared had changed his mind. Hed waited on the roadside all day, chewing on jerky amidst the drying summer grasses and the few wildflowers that still held their color. When the party came into view, hed donned his armor, climbed ahorse, then sat on their approach. Edmunds stolen mount had wandered off some distance in search of finer grazing. The group drew close.

Sir Jared, Lady Ellyn chided, Im disappointed. I thought you were fleeing. I was hoping for a few days chase. She rode at the forefront, dressed in leathers, the bastard sword undrawn at her side. Edmund followed closely in cleaned armor, a smile congealing between his cheeks. Eight other guardsmen pointed lengthy spears skyward as they fanned out, and two unarmed men loaded with luggage sat in their saddles, watching. 

The air buzzed. Jared glared in response.

We brought your daughter, Sir Jared. Would you like to see her? Its been a few months since you joined my service. I suppose your reunion is somewhat overdue. The Lady gestured, and the two men in back kicked their horses forward. One dismounted, drew a knife, and scythed through a rope around his horse. A sack clattered into the dirt. The man lifted one end, and the bones slid into the sunlight. Edmund snickered.

Jareds expression held stolid, almost nodding, his eyes fixed on the scattered remains. The Lady turned coy. My noble knight, I think you knew all along. You held out so long, hoping, buying into my promises, but She let herself trail off. Well, now you know. I had the girl placed in the dungeons at the very start, but I must have forgotten to feed her. Alas. At least the rats were happy with my carelessness. 

Jared sat tall and stiff in the saddle, shifting his black eyes to her green. Somewhere above, there was a faint, echoing crack. But consider this, the Lady continued. Where would you be had I not given you a sword, a knighthood, and a strong motivation? Dead, I think. A brutish body, a nameless peasant, abandoned in the charred fields of some Lord I offed. I chanced upon you and made you into somebody. Dont make me take that all away. Not for a helpless, pitiful, dumb girl.

The hum in the air suddenly broke into a pounding, throbbing, explosive thunder, as if the sky had collapsed upon itself. The horses screamed in symphony, rearing as the sky roared. Edmund was thrown altogether, and gasping in the dirt cried, The Hand of God!, for from the blue above fell an arrow of white fire, ripping, rifting, plummeting down upon them. The wind parched and fevered in its breath. The earth kicked up a fog of dust, the grasses whipped at the horses hooves, until the roar crescendoed and abruptly quit. 

The dust spiralled in the heavy silence that followed. A monstrous weight had settled into the land nearby. After sitting a moment in the quiet, near blind, Jared spurred lightly forward.  Hed watched the sack of bones fall again and again. He knew the mound of dried earth theyd rattled against as well as he knew the nicks and chips running the length of his sword. The bones were gone. 

A muffled shout rose out of the gloom. The distant answering call was accompanied by fading hoofbeats. Jared dismounted, leaving the horse.

The knight walked into the shadow of the colossus. His sword sent the scrape of steel drifting out into the murk as he drew it. A wall of metal sheet loomed up before him, reaching up into obscurity. A hiss of cold air washed over him. The wall slid open like a widening maw, a cavernous throat, the floors within lined in a lime green luminescent slime. He entered. Animated tubes slithered along the walls, groping at translucent sacs. Pale proboscises descended from above, tasting his armor and flesh. Behind, the jaws sealed shut. The hall led to a dark, domed room, dominated by black wall that came alive with light upon his entrance. He was looking outside, into the cursed, blinding dirt. 

The ship lifted, as if it could hear his complaint. He staggered under the acceleration. It rose high, leaving the swirling clouds of dust below, producing a view of the browned grasslands below, the road carving into the hills, the riders making their escape.

The ship advanced with his thoughts, hunting. A fleeing straggler hung behind the pack, barely holding to his saddle. His heavy frame  identified him. Waving frantically, shouting unheard words, he slipped further in his seat as he chanced a look over his shoulder. 

Smite. Jared spoke, pointing.
 
The land around Edmund erupted in fire. Jareds eyes grew wide and his hands shook, a clammy grin growing on his face.

A rider in the pack ahead slowed, came to a stand, eyes riveted on the stalking ship. Jared could make out her face, mouth hanging slightly open, sweat dripping. She held something up, an offering in her four fingers. A sack of bones. Jareds smile remolded to a tight lipped smirk.

Smite, he whispered.

Death convulsed upon the earth, engulfing the rest of the party