The metal cabin droned softly from the engines heavy vibrations.  Every now and again there was a jolt or a shudder and the damp fluorescent light would flicker ominously.  Jim closed his eyes and clenched his jaw every time.  But he didnt whimper or make a sound: He didnt dare.  Not around these types of folks.

Wonder what itll be like, mused a smaller one of them.

Hell, Said another. Straight fuckin hell.  I cant imagine anything more demeaning. He was bigger, and one half of his face looked badly burned. 

My cousin was in for 18 rotations.  Said it wasnt so bad. Said one hopefully.

Your cousin must be a fuckin pansy. Said the bigger one.

Fuck you.

Oh, youd like that, wouldnt you? 

Jim sucked in his breath.  The one with the cousin stared bravely at the big one: Depends, he said slowly, How long since the last time you got fucked?  I like my holes a little tight, is all.

The big one snarled and stood up.  He took a half step toward the pansys cousin when the door to the cockpit slammed loudly.

Sit the fuck down! said the guard.  He was bigger than the one with the half burned face.  The big one grumbled and sat down, glaring at the one with the cousin.  

Jim let out a slow breath and closed his eyes as the cabin jolted again.  

Its not often you get someone on here that doesnt like flying, said the one next to him.  Jim did his best to look casual. 

Oh, its not that, said Jim carefully.  He paused: searching for an excuse. Its just this pilot, he lied, seems a tad bit reckless to me.

Aye, they usually are, the ones that drive all the way out here.  You dont exactly get the cream of the crop signing up for taking a long run into the quiet reaches. The one next to Jim leaned in close, specially not with these types. He whispered, then winked and extended a hand.

Names Sleed, pleasure,

Jim, said Jim.  He took the hand cautiously.  Sleed smiled warmly.  He had large, curling lips and white eyes.

So? he asked, Whatd you do?

What? asked Jim, Oh, right.  Um.  Fudged some numbers.  Stupid, really. 

Sleed frowned: Fudged numbers?  Youre telling me they sent you to the quiet reaches for fudging numbers?

Well, it was quite a few numbers, said Jim awkwardly. Several trillions worth, roughly. 

Sleeds eyes popped.  Several trillion? he hissed, how?

Jim fidgeted uncomfortably. I was an accountant, he said, numbers were kind of my thing. He paused, and then, Really didnt expect it to go this way.

Must have been a bloody rich fellow you were accounting for, piped the small one.  Jim started: he didnt realize anyone else was listening.  He glanced around and found the whole cabin was staring at him

Yes, well, said Jim.  He looked down at his feet. Doesnt really matter anymore, I suppose.

Sure it does, said the one with the cousin. I mean, if you had the sense to hide some away for when you get out, that is.

Jim glanced at the guard.  He was staring straight ahead and holding a large, black stick very tightly.  No, said Jim at length, cant say I had the sense.

Stupid bastard, snorted the big one.

The cabin hummed and bumped along in solemn silence for a little while.  

I take it this isnt your first time? Jim asked at length.  He was looking at Sleed.  Somehow knowing one of their names made it a little easier to talk.  Sleed stared back at him.

Second, he said slowly,  Was a canine the first time.  Hoping they give me something similar.

They dont give you anything, said the small one. Its all random.  They just put you in a box, press a button, and away you go: off to lick your own balls and do whatever the quiet ones like til the big boys have had their laugh.

What are they like? asked Jim. The quiet ones, I mean.

Stupid, said Sleed quickly. Stupid and ugly and annoying as fuck.  Havent even made it out of their own galaxy yet.  Thats why they send us there: no chance of escape.  Even if you could get onto one of their ships theyve got no devices to turn you back and none of their ships will get you home.  They havent even got the fuel, never mind the technology. Sleed folded his arms and shook his head, Rotten place. He muttered.

There was another humming and jolting silence.

How long have you got? asked Jim to no one in particular.  No one responded.

-

Several days later, the humming quieted.  

Up and out. Said the guard sternly.  

There was only one machine.  It was in a room with a giant window that looked out over the prison planet.  Jim thought it was rather pretty: a pleasant smattering of blue and green and white.  He wondered if the inhabitants had any idea what it was being used for.  

His turn came, and he stepped into the box.

Dont move around or anything.  Itll just make it worse, said a tired voice on an intercom.  

Jim closed his eyes and clenched his jaw.