Just a little something I cooked up in about 15 mins. Thoughts?

Up, Up, and Away A thick bead of sweat rolled its way down his back. This only made the cheap polyester wrapping cling to his back tighter, cutting off circulation to dime sized patches across his midriff. The discomfort was deafening; it clouded his mind with the same swirling tendrills accomplished by a fair amount of marijuana or a lack of restorative sleep. His joints cracked and popped loudly as he shifted weight from one tired leg to the other. The sound reminded him of an old cement mixer, and the comparison only dragged his mind further from the task at hand. A quick clap of wood signaled that his involvement in the arduous process had once again come round, but his attention was nonexistent, or at least uncontrolled by the young man explaining the subjects motivation. The words Fuck professionalism wandered aimlessly through his psyche, and a deadened stare met the directors face. Director he now thought. This fucking dial tone of a human being with a $75 jacket and a rented Nikon, probably on his lunch hour from a god damned Kinko's, is giving me character advice. I'd bet a dollar that my asking him for pointers would give him stroke material for a month, ego or otherwise More nonsense spilled from the recent film school dropouts oddly shaped mouth. I bet he thinks that old baseball cap makes him look like Spielberg. Looks like a fucking teenager to me. Out of his element, for chrissakes. The sea of tarmac that stretched out beneath him burned his feet like steak on a stove top. And action he cleared his throat of the ball of mucus that had pooled their in the past five or so minutes. Here at Pembroke Dodge, we work everyday to make sure your Interest rates don't go Up, Up, and Away! The words, saccharine and pointless, stuck to his gullet like mastic. The director looked at him, frowning. Where's your head, John? Lost in thought John muttered back. Thoughts of what? The director asked, face scrunched in a look of feigned interest. Thoughts of what was. 3 hours ago, I was an Actor, you were a child with a pointless dream that you had done nothing to earn, and this whole fucking process seemed bearable at the very least. The directors face filled with contempt and blood in equal supply. The words you fucki- spilled softly before John turned on his heels and made his way back to the ragged mid 90s sedan he had come to call home over the past few weeks, the thin sheet pinned to the back of his polyester prison flapping lazily in the midday breeze. With a learned flick of his arthiritc wrists, the lock disengaged and John poured into the drivers seat. He reached, smoothly, towards the glove box and opened it, revealing a few crumpled pieces of paper and a nickle plated barrel. He clamored back out of the doorway and, without consideration, fired a bullet square into the young man's chest. He looked at the sky longingly as the few remaining people near him cowered. He raised the barrel to his throat and closed his eyes. Up, Up, and Away!