  The city bells were striking midnight when I saw it approach, the Angel of Death, swooping through the low born homes at the foot of the citadel. The few souls who had rejected the Crowns offer of sanctuary and chosen to stay in their homes were surely doomed.
  I wondered if any of them could see it coming? They say only the high born can see it and even then only a handful of those. In fact, before I saw it they say it had not walked on this earth in over ten thousand years. Then it came for the sons of slavers and tyrants, so they say. Who it comes for now Ive no idea. It devours high and low alike. Saint and sinner both succombe to its insatiable appetite. Any rules or code it once obeyed seem long ago discarded.
  Im lucky that I am even able to see it. If you can call it luck to have the ability to behold something such as this. Im a bastard, raised by gypsies outside the city walls until my father on his deathbed, having no legitimate heir, recalled me to the citadel in the hopes of marrying me off to keep his legacy from the hands of the Crown. A true patriot my father was. None of that matters now anyway. High or low, rich or poor, all are at the mercy of the Angel.
  I recall the first time I saw it, the Angel of Death. Having just endured another feast with a host of likely suitors, Id gone out to take some air on the walls of the citadel. It was a clear night, bright stars shining above. I was about to withdraw when I saw something moving over the desert towards the town below. It didnt appear to me all at once as I see it now but rather it was just a movement in the corner of my eye. It was translucent. At first I only saw it as it bent the shapes beneath it like a prism refracts the light. As I watched my mind pieced the parts together like a puzzle until I saw the full picture. It is not what you might expect. Its shape is crocodilian, a huge alligator, and within can be seen a thousand writhing parts of the souls it has devoured. It is a thing of nightmares which once seen can never be forgotten. I almost wish Id never looked upon it but you cannot fight what you cannot see. 
  It did not enter the citadel that night, nor for some time after, but the next day fifty peasants were found dead in their homes. No one knows why so many were left alive. I believe it could kill us all at once on any given visit but it seems to prefer to leave some of us for later, to let us live in agonizing anticipation and dread.
	
  Not only have I seen this vile spectre, I have also fought it. Yes, it can be fought, with broadsword and bow and lance and mace, but it cannot be killed. At least not yet. There are six of us who can see it clearly enough to fight it, myself, the twins Scotia and Zen, Genevieve and Lenane the archers, and Janus who is proclaimed to be the strongest man in the citadel. 
  It is true there are others who see it but only as a shimmer and by the time they do it is usually too late. We six are all that protects the citadel from the Angel. Thankfully it does not come every night, but every night one of us must take the watch and rouse the others should we see it. 
  And so it was that I came to be in the watch tower on that fateful night, sounding the alarm as the Angel of Death approached silently from the east. 

  As the Angel reached the walls Lenane and Genevieve were ready with their bows. Each released a flurry of arrows that slowed the beast in its tracks. Furious, it dove for the nearest outbuilding where peasants who had accepted the Crowns refuge were huddled together in terror. I gripped my broadsword and faced it down, feinting to the left and bringing my sword down across the side of its head causing it to fall back as Janus lept from a nearby rooftop to bring his mace down on its back. At last Scotia and Zen galloped from the stables, lances tilted at the Angel driving it back into the sky to be met by a hail of arrows from the archers. I dont believe that anything we do actually causes the Angel harm. All I know is that our steel is the only thing it cannot pass through. When the first ray of dawn creeps over the horizon it must depart and if we can fight it until then fewer people will die. So we fought. When it took to the air the archers were ready to loose their arrows and drive it down. on the ground we would await it with drawn swords and lances tilted. Janus blocking any path it took towards inhabited buildings. 
  Fighting like this every other night, sometimes for two or more nights in a row takes its toll on all of us. Exhausted and battle drunk we fought on but on this night the Angels determination was greater and it broke away from our onslaught. Forced to split up to head it off we abandoned our positions and each other. As I raced through the citadel I prayed to any god whod hear me that no innocents would die tonight as a result of our failure. Then, up ahead, I saw it. As the first ray of dawn crept over the horizon it passed through the Hall of Wards, where the orphans, Wards of the Crown, were housed. As the Angel of Death fled over the walls and faded into the growing light of dawn I fell to my knees and wept.

  On shaking legs I retraced my steps to join my companions on the wall below the watchtower. Janus had removed his helmet and his eyes were red rimmed. All had witnessed the Angels parting shot and knew there could be no hope for the wards. Genevieve and Lenane held each other and sobbed as Zen rode up to join us. 
Comrades, what happened? why all this sorrow? We are victorious!
Zen, did you not see? It passed through the Hall of Wards! The children! Gods, the children!! I buried my head in Janus shoulder and let him hold me.
The children are unharmed. We knew we could never all reach it in time to contain it again so Scotia rode on ahead and led the wards to safety whilst I pushed the Angel toward the hall. The children are safe, fear not!
I offered a silent prayer of thanks to whatever god had heard me as we embraced each other in turn. 
Where is Scotia now?
I believe he took the wards to the east kitchen to get them bedded down for whats left of the night. We should go to the coffee house and celebrate our victory! I definitely wont be sleeping for a while yet.
I smiled wearily. It was a small victory, The Angel would be back, if not tonight then the night after or the night after that, but it was a victory nonetheless and an impressive one for Scotia and Zen. Their quick thinking had doubtless saved many lives.
To the coffee house then! I shouted. Ill go find Scotia and bring him with us. He deserves a pipe and a drink for his bravery.

  Scotia wasnt in the east kitchen, although all the children there were eager to tell me tales of he and Zens bravery and daring in the face of a monster none of them could see but all feared. I made sure they were all comfortable and fed and then wandered the citadel searching for Scotia. It was just like him to want to avoid receiving credit for a feat like this. I was almost about to give up when I finally spotted him in the alley behind the stables. 
Bedding down your horse Scotia? 
Skyla? He enquired. I thought he must have had trouble seeing me in the dim light. yes, something like that. Just giving her a last look over.
Well shell still be here tomorrow. The others have gone to the coffee house to celebrate. What you did tonight was incredible! I know you hate to be the hero but at least come have a drink with us. You can let Zen take the credit. He loves that.
He smiled but it was tinged with a strange sadness. I dont think I can, Skyla. I I have somewhere else I have to go. With that he turned to walk away. I shrugged, an appointment, a tryst, what business of mine was it if he had better plans than smoking and drinking with us. Suddenly he stopped in his tracks. 
Theres something in my room, Skyla. I think you should see it. You go up now, Ill be there soon. 
  In other circumstances I might have made a joke that he was trying to steal my virtue or some other coarse jibe but he seemed so earnest I simply nodded, ok, Ill go up now. Ill see you up there.
You will. he replied sadly and then he was gone into the gloom.

  When I got to Scotia and Zens room the door was slightly ajar. I imagined Scotia had left it that way so I could easily get in. Nothing appeared amiss at first. Their beds were neatly made belongings all stowed in cupboards and drawers. Then I noticed it, at the foot of Scotias bed. A hessian sack, so out of place in such a tidy space. A strange sense of foreboding came over me the like of which I hadnt felt since Id first encountered the Angel. I was mightily reluctant to open the sack but I knew this was what Scotia had asked that I look at. A note pinned to the outside read You cannot defy the will of God and his messenger.
  I gingerly undid the knot in the top and opened the sack enough to let the light in. Two wide blue eyes stared blindly back at me from a long, lean face. A piercing, horrifying scream ripped through the quiet morning and suddenly I realised it was mine. I tried to let go of the sack but I was unable to force my hands to do my bidding and as the world around me faded to black I heard a dull thud as Scotias head rolled out and hit the floor. 
  I awoke in my own bed, hours later praying it had been a terrible dream. Unfortunately Janus, sitting patiently by my bedside, had confirmed it was all too real. Scotia was dead. The Scotia I had seen by the stables had been nothing but a shade, the swansong of his soul as it left this world for the next. 
There was another killer in the citadel besides the Angel of Death and not even the six watchers could see him coming.