To Draw the Black Tooth

A member of the Comitatus is always ready to follow his Romulus, and even though my respect and allegiance was undying; to a Legionnaire drawing the Black Tooth is the day you know you will dispatch death and justice for your Romulus. To draw the Black Tooth is to tie the hangmans knot and pull the wicked high above Earth. It is to release the soul of the devilish, it is to be an executioner in the name of the Comitatus. 
I had been with the Comitatus for ten years, ever since I was 17. I was one of the founding members and as such I sported the title of Legate. My older Brother Duncan was the founder of our Comitatus, he called us the Imperium and he went by Romulus. He said it was the name of an ancient conqueror he read about in a book that was written before the Sky Burned and the ash brought the long dark. None of that mattered to me right now I had to prepare for my duty as hangman. 
We had marched through some territory that we thought was abandoned but we encountered a group of scavengers. A worthless bunch, most are illiterate and can barely understand how a firegun works. Yet they are a dangerous group because they always out number our Comitatus. It doesnt matter what the numbers are, Duncan trained us well and we work as one cohesive unit. We move forward in tight groups when we face enemies that prefer close combat. This allows us to don spears and pick off any would be attackers. If the enemy is using fireguns. We advance in pairs and use our marksmanship to slice through them. Romulus learned all of this from books and old things he called videeoos that he found in an old cellar Pop raised us in. Pop was in the Armee before the Sky Burned, he said he learned everything about surviving when he was a Ranger. Then pop made sure Duncan became so good at it he was even better than Pops. Then Duncan had to teach me, Pop said it was Duncans last test. Of course Duncan passed with flying colors.
So as I said we found these scavengers patrolling in what was supposed to be abandoned space. Duncan had heard rumors that there was white water in the area. White water was very rare and even more important, most water still had some of the ash in it so it wasnt too good to drink. Duncan wanted that white water for the Comitatus, he said it was lifes blood. I think Duncan reads too much sometimes, he acts like one of the characters in his books sometimes. Even though the sky burned and it burned all the living things with it there were still a lot of books for Duncan to read. When we werent marching or fighting he was taking us to these old libraryies. They were places I didnt really care about, but they were still incredible. They took my breathe away. There was more paper in those places than I could ever imagine. Half of them were ash or had the sickness on them, Duncan said it was something called Raderation. Anyway back to these scavengers. 
 We found them climbing a nearby hill and them trying to set up a nest on top of it to give them a stronghold. We charged up the hill letting our fireguns roar. It was quick but dangerous work. It was a fantastic feeling that I get when I fight alongside my brothers. The sound of the scavengers arrows flying past me as I let my firegun burn holes through them brought a deep smile to my face. It made the blood rush to my cheeks and I could feel every muscle in my body tightening and screaming for more exertion. 
When we were finally done killing all of the soldiers Duncan shot their leader through the shoulder and went and stood on it until he passed out. It was easy enough to find the leader, the savages wore headdresses and the most elaborate one generally sat upon the head of the leader. This one had four feathers sticking out of a headdress made of old leather. The feathers were red and stood out like a sore thumb in the scorched world. Duncan always told us if we ever felt like we couldnt take the numbers then find the head of the snake and cut it off. After that the rest of the body would die. 
After Duncan made the leader pass out this is where I came into play, Duncan wanted to know where the white water spring was and it was my job as the Black Tooth to find out the information. It was a task that I didnt want to do but looking into the ice blue eyes of my Romulus I knew that I had a duty to keep. A duty that if I denied I would be sent east, into the great burned lands. That was a place that I never wanted to walk even with my Comitatus. So I performed my duty spectacularly. 
It was a gruesome practice and one that we all hated, but sometimes even barbarism is necessary. That is why we drew teeth, we closed our eyes and reached into a bag Duncan had found in his youth. It was filled with teeth and one tooth that was painted black. To draw the Black Tooth meant you acted as the hangman and inquisitor. It also meant that you took the burden on your shoulders so your brothers did not have to bear the shame. You were allowed to wear a black shade over your face during these duties. Duncan said that it preserved something inside us so we didnt come to love the Hangman. 
This seemed to be even more important to Duncan than the picking of the black tooth. If he ever felt that one of us were becoming the Hangman without holding the tooth he would send us east. He sent Carthage east several months ago. The man was a veteran among the Comitatus and had murdered one of the initiates one night. He forgot how to tell the difference between the life of a Legionnaire and the Hangman. 
It started early in the morning like all Hangman days did. The Comitatus had built the Hangmans tree and had prepared rope for me to knot. As I tied the scavenger to the tree he stood up on a stump. When my inquiries were answered it was my responsibility to kick the stump out from under him. I was to deliver the hangmans kick. I began my questioning by drawing my knife from my belt. It was long, almost 11 inches with just the blade. It had been sharpened to an excessive point. That is one thing I can say I surpass Duncan, I can file a blade sharper than any man in our Comitatus. 
I asked the man Where is our white water? in his guttural tongue. He was surprised I knew his language. I answered his confused stare This isnt the first time weve met your people. Their language was incredibly simple. He stared at me and told me to go do something unpleasant to myself. I sliced open the mans left breast and watched as the blood poured out. He howled and slammed his jaw shut when he realized I was still staring at him. Then I took some stickysap, its something that oozes out of the trees here. It is the last thing you want to put on a wound (unless you boil it first then it helps it) and shoved it inside the cut. Stickysap would make the cut burn like hell. It would make the man spew anything I wanted him to. Its a very painful thing to do to a man. I didnt enjoy doing it, I hated that I held the black tooth. I wanted it to end just as fast as he did. 
He told me where the spring was just like I knew he would. No one can refuse the stickysap, it just burns to damn much. After he told me what I wanted I donned my black hood and kicked the stump out from under his feet. He kicked longer than most of them do. I had forgotten to put thirteen knots in the rope and so he died from lack of air. What a horrible thing to die from. He gurgled and spit and cursed and when the blood finally ran from his nose I knew that it was over.
 When my time comes I hope its from a firegun. Fastest way to go and less painful than the Hangmans dance. Or if it is the dance of the Hangman I hope that the man who ties my life puts thirteen knots. That way I will break my neck and not choke. Being the hangman isnt easy and in a world where all you see is gray and death you think it would be easier to deal death. It isnt, only the voice of my Romulus assuring me he is a man who will hurt others for fun allows me to push the stump from under his feet. 
I took off the hood and turned back to face the Comitatus, they had been put into a tight formation by Duncan who was now assuming his mantle as Romulus. He marched to me and I held out my right hand. He dropped into my palm the Black Tooth. Once you draw the tooth you keep it until the day you die or leave the Comitatus. It is a mark of your sacrifice and one the Romulus will reward. I look at the Black Tooth one more time before I closed it in my palm. 
