I chose you  
It was a whisper, brushing against my brain like sandpaper.  
I freed you  
I opened my eyes to nothing but darkness.  
I freed you from their misery  
I was laying on grass. I felt the blades tickling my palms as I pushed myself up and swept my head from side to side. Darkness still.  
From their filth  
It practically spat that last word. I stood and tried to get my bearings, but it was impossible in the blackness.  
Let there be light  
Like the dawn of a new day, light spread from the horizon and bathed the world in a warm glow. I looked around in awe. There were hundreds  no thousands  of us. Hundreds of thousands. All standing in the largest field of the greenest grass and the bluest waters I had ever seen. It spread from horizon to horizon, and standing on it were more people than I could possibly imagine.  
Look to your brothers and sisters  
I made eye contact with the closest person to me, an overweight woman with greasy hair and nervous hands. I saw the same fear and confusion on her face that must have been painted on my own and I knew that she could hear the same voice I heard. Or rather, that the same voice was intruding her thoughts and she was hearing what I was hearing.  
You are the chosen ones  
The righteous few  
The worthy  
I felt shivers run through me and a cold sweat take hold. What was happening? And then I heard a gasp, and then another one, and then a wave of sharp inhales swept the land. People were all looking up and pointing. I tilted my head back and choked on my own breath as vertigo took hold. I felt nauseous.  
They're like ants  
They looked like ants. I felt like I was standing on the belly of a 747 at 30,000 feet over New York. The city sprawled above us, skyscrapers hanging over us like stalactites in a cave of steel and concrete, people and cars racing across its inverted surface.  
Scurrying about without purpose  
Without meaning  
Trapped in a prison of their own arrogance  
I felt the disgust in the voice. The anger. I felt sick to my stomach.  
I saved you  
I brought you here  
To my creation  
I looked back at the spectacular beauty that surrounded us and realized that this land felt alien. It was too pure, too clean. Too manufactured.  
To build a new world  
A better world  
And like a phoenix  
Rising from the ashes  
Fire engulfed the sky and the city was instantly ablaze. Their screams rose in a deathly wail and filled our silence. I looked away, trying to shut them out. I looked at the lady with the nervous hands. She had them clasped in front of her as she looked up, a wicked grin spread across her face, her wide eyes glimmering hungrily in the dancing flames.  
So too will you  
Cleanse your past  
In the fire of their sin  
I looked back up at the sky and felt the heat wash over my face. Sweat ran from my brow and mixed with my tears as I watched in silent agony as the old world burned.  
And know that you  
My children  
Were meant for so much more  