Now... I don't know who's idea this was... but... where I come from, there's this weird quirk in the education system, where when you're 16, you start taking "mock exams" throughout the next 2 years to prepare for your real exams when you're 18, from which they extrapolate how well they think you'll do in the real ones.

This seems pretty reasonable, until you learn that for any exams a student doesn't sit... they automatically get their predicted grade.

Which means that 2/3 of the way through the last year of secondary school, half the average students... just... cease to give a fuck. And my favourite example of this happening was with this guy in my class (let's call him Dan).

Lovely guy, friendly, generous, hopeless alcoholic and TOTAL stoner, but an excellent chemist (NOT an average student).

Still, he knew he had a prosperous career ahead of him dealing to posh boys with more money than sense, so he took a gamble that no one else had the bottle to try.

See, a couple of weeks earlier, he'd been handed an envelope telling him that his predicted grades looked like the soundtrack to a tonsil examination ("AAAA" Yes, I know I'm hilarious).

So he walks into the first of his 11 exams, as alert and articulate as anyone else there, but with a twinkle in his eye that tells me he has something special planned.

As I learned a few days later, he'd popped 2 E's and about half a gram of coke, which is how he managed to get through what came next.

After everyone sat down and listened to the exam condition explanations, one teacher said "If anyone has any questions, put your hand up now." And, you guessed it, Dan's right hand shot STRAIGHT up.

When the teacher asked him what his quetion was, he didn't lower his hand, but raised his other one, said "I need an ambulance", grabbed his right thumb and SNAPPED THE FUCKER IN TWO...

There was about a second of silence following the horrifying crunch, and all fucking hell broke loose.

Boys were cheering, girls were screaming, one teacher emptied her guts onto some poor sod's school bag. Many (including me) just sat in stunned silence and watched him stare at his disfigured hand. He smirked a little, and wobbled his hand so his poor thumb swayed and swung like a semi-erect penis.

About 5 minutes later, an ambulance showed up, he got shipped off to hospital and the rest of us just sat our exam.

When Saturday rolled around, he'd been radio silent for 3 days, but he posted one thing on facebook. He posted "doctor says no using my hand for a month".

Fucking genius got accepted by 3 universities and is currently doing Organic Chemistry and selling hash to Liberal Arts students in Surrey.