 Realizing youre lost, and alone, paints a perspective no one envies, or wishes themselves party to.  Between Thanksgiving and Christmas, in 1983 - I was both lost, and alone, in the depths of the Amazon Jungle.  Only time was my true companion.

 I had just returned from a photographic expedition in the Galapagos Islands - to Quito, Ecuadors capital. I was prepared to fly on to Easter Island - via Santiago, Chile.  My plans were dashed by the declaration of martial law in Chile! With no alternative way to reach such a secluded place as Easter Island is (from my side of this world) - I opted to head into Ecuadors part of the Amazon Jungle...

-----

 My cook, guide, and I, had beached our canoe on the southeastern shore of Lake Taracoa.  This was an out of the way place you could hike to from the Rio Napo - where our river boat was anchored.[1]  A mile or so from the lakes northwestern shore were some grass huts we were camping at.  This particular afternoon, the plan had been to go to the center of the lake - to swim!  You couldnt swim near the shore because of Cayman alligators, and a fresh water species of electric eel.  I was assured by my guide that the center, 'was safe.'  While there were also piranhas, which occasionally bumped into my legs, theres little danger of attack in a lake - unless youre badly bleeding.

 After an exhilarating dip, we cruised along the shoreline - until we found a trail my guide was familiar with.  He, and the cook, were looking for food to take back to camp for evenings supper.  Initially, I was reluctant to make this unplanned excursion.  I had left my camera, and tape recorder, back at the grass huts - for I was only expecting to go for a swim.  Finally, I relented, and we set off into the jungle.

 The trail seemed well established - enough so that after trekking a good while, I told my companions I was returning to the canoe, and would meet them there. I wanted some solitude, I told them I felt certain I could follow the trail back...  I didnt find my way back.

 It seemed every hundred yards or so, there would be a fork in the trail - a path invisible, when coming from the direction of the lake. It wasnt long before I knew I was lost...  I yelled for my companions, but my calls were only answered by gangs of Woolly Monkeys.  They raised such a ruckus at my hail - I couldnt hear if I had been answered.  Because of the high-canopy forest, and a cloudy afternoon - without my compass, I had no means to estimate my direction.

 Going nowhere fast, I came across, and followed, a forest floor highway that was surging with a brigade of leaf-cutter ants. It was comforting to me - that at least they knew where they were heading. I figured eventually, theyd led me to their home mound, or the host tree they were harvesting from.

 Before I found either, I caught the scent of fresh water.  I then realized how acutely tuned my senses had become - as a result of my foreboding circumstances...  I began jogging into a light breeze, through the foliage and trees -feeling my nose to be the bow of a ship, splitting waters and harbor bound!  Instead of finding Lake Taracoa - I came to a river, and it wasnt el Rio Napo!

 Knowing a return into the forest would put me into more ponderous circumstances, I elected to stay where I was.  I surveyed the river bank and noticed a fallen Kapok Tree a short distance away, downstream. This tree was protruding a good ways into the water.  I chose this jungle-mark as my stage and sanctuary - to inhabit, until a relief for my situation was remedied.

 Slowly, I edged myself out on the fallen tree. I sat about a legs length from where the trunk submerged under the waters surface approximately - 3 meters from the shoreline.  There, I had maximum visibility over the domain - both to see, and to be seen...

 I was keeping faith I had found a tributary of the Rio Napo.  Indians live along all waterways in the region - with any luck, some, who were friendly, would find me.  I mused over the thought of our previous night around the campfire near our grass huts. There had been discussion, after that evening's fish dinner, of five Catholic Missionaries - all murdered by cannibalistic Auccas residing deep, deep within this forest.  I was now hoping the Aucca Tribesmen were very, very deep in this forest.

 Upon settling down, and becoming virtually a knot on the log, I soon began witnessing one of the most memorable milestones of my life!  I felt integrated, and accepted, on my little place upon this fallen tree.  Elements of the surrounding jungle and river environment suddenly started to amplify. Within moments, I began observing a spectrum of activity on every side of me!  It was the essence of life, and the instinct to survive, both performing in this natural arena.

 Just below the waters surface, a good-sized alligator captured a large fish several feet from where I sat.  I felt the Cayman was well aware of my presence and let me be.  I did move back up the log a little bit though.

 The life of the river was so phenomenal to watch - multitudes of creatures exercising the cycles of their existence.  Among the many fish were a few snakes that kept my attention to the clear, slow moving water.

 In the air, and trees, were assorted species of birds singing a euphoric variety of melodies.  Groups of parrots, and other Song Birds, seemed to be alternating with one another in a chorus of Messiah proportions!  This reminded me of the fact I was without my tape recorder...  I berated myself solemnly - for this natural soundtrack was so overwhelming, and simply indescribable!  Finally, I just praised the fact that, in my life, I had been in such a place - at such a time...

 After the passing of several hours, I felt the presence of evening approaching.  I quickly realized, I needed to find a tree to sleep in - for I wasnt so sure how trustworthy the forest floor might be.  I bowed my head, and mustered a small prayer.  I asked for strength, for luck, and an uneventful night - without rain, if possible.  When I opened my eyes - I was unbelieving of what was coming before me...

 An Indian man, and his young son, were floating up to my log - in a hand-dugout canoe!  They seemed very surprised and excited to find me.  We did a lot of hand gesturing - while verbalizing in our different languages.  Finally, I felt they wished for me to go along with them.  Considering my alternative, I was pleased to accept their invitation.

 We floated for some time while the man, and his son, sang a sort of melodic chant.  I felt strangely comfortable with trusting this path my life was moving along.  Comparing my adventure with my life at home, in Texas, I realized there are always alternatives to the humdrum we sometimes find ourselves in.

 Startling me out of my thoughts, the young boy broke the chant of song and pointed along the shoreline.  Smiling, his father steered us to what appeared to be a trail - leading back into the forest.  After beaching the canoe, we stepped upon the shore as the man aimed his gaze up the trail beckoning me - that I should be going.

 I had hoped to see their village, but this man seemed to know where I needed to be, and this trail was going to take me there.  I felt trusting of this he and his son - they held a gulf of tranquility in their eyes - trustful simplicity, and sincerity. I believed they had my best interests at heart.

 As a memento of my appreciation, I removed my wristwatch, and gave it to the man.  He hooted and hollered, and danced in place as I showed him how to strap it on his wrist!  The watch has a five-year battery, and was waterproof.  The Indian, and his son, again pointed up the trail - as they jumped back into their boat - using their paddle-poles to push off, and move along.  I waved as they floated away - the man nodding, and the boy - awkwardly waving in return.  As they disappeared, they returned to their melodic chant...

 Quickly on the trail, my confidence grew with each step.  Just as darkness was enveloping, I saw a campfire - it was my camps fire! There, my cook and guide were preparing a search party, with some local natives, to go searching for me.  Everyone was greatly relieved at my arrival, and that night - we partied hard around the campsite.

 Several days later, as we were leaving the area, my guide told me word had come from a nearby village - of a man, and his grandson, who, apparently, were the ones who had found me.  Because of the mans act of goodwill, and the fact he had been gifted with a timepiece - the only timepiece in his village, his stature in the settlement had been elevated!  My guide said this meant better fortune for the mans family in their community.  His fortune was truly my fortune, and as time had been my companion - now it would be his...

(C)BMM

[1] This area was popular for the fledgling Eco-Tour industry in the early 1980's.  The region was later compromised by Ecuador's ravaging oil & gas exploration industry.