Going through my stuff i've written but never published stuff I found this.... what do you guys think?

The Little Town Called Family
	The world . . . 

	Dancing chimes rang in the humid winds and the elderly windmills that still stood, stood tall and prosperous in the open plains. These windmills, were the results of mankind. These windmills, were man-made beasts that agonized over time in the old valley. And each time the winds passed beneath the bellies of these beasts brought an awful groan, cursing the heavy wind on its old worn body. And above them, kites soared among the grey sky of an average day. And the mountains that bled into the grey sky like a dagger sung a beautiful tune of family that traveled down its spine. It was a wonderful day, blessed with serenity in Family.

And there was this child. . .
	Isabella, a little girl no more than four feet tall; began her morning on her family swing. Her little feet that dangled, sifted through the small breeze that crept its way through the stylistic holes in the rails; filling the space left by the weathered maple planks and varnished chips; a dull terrace. Inquisitively, her eyes wandered over the country hills of farmland looking for an adventure; and saw the workers that packed themselves into small brown boxes on rails, standing at the station waiting for a day of work. The scene that lit her morning, reminded her of the brown canvas she was working on; the one with many small ants who every morning tried to climb a blade of grass to the sun. The sun that she had painted was a bright orange dot at best. Morphed into a blue watered down backdrop, smudged by her fingers. Unlike her sun, beneath mine was multiple little farms I protected, with multiple ants in each home. And each clumps of these houses connected to a dirt tunnel, which connected to a single and only hive of the community. And at five o'clock P.M, the ants that left the hive would return after a hard days work from the city; from the boxes that they left in that rocked to sleep in the station; to be shipped back home for dinner.
A warehouse of people. . . .

And the children were found playing together, and she was at home.

A lack of education. . . .


 	And around me, where the people bloomed their future, the hills hugged the sunset each night before bed; revealing the harsh strokes from the artist that painted the hills with a hard hand, embracing the shine in the grass paint; the reflection of earths innocence.
	And the cries of uncertain future were ignored. . . 
	
 	But, this little girl named Isabella. Sure, she was a foolish-child and known to the town as complicated; whose hands had been given a craft unsought by many.  But they shamed her for it. An artist cannot plow dirt, Family would tell her. An artist cannot feed a family, Family would tell her. But lastly, what made this little girl hate Family was the very reason she would grow up to hate her family.  The adults were envious that her fingers were dipped in ideas sought by the highest of minds in mankind. So they tried to kill it. After all, she was as she was, an artist born in this beautiful canvas of earth, stripped of her talent by simplicity.
	And they succeeded. . . 


	Memories . . .	
	Isabella, how come you sit so sad?  I slid off the swing, and approached the rail toward the hills. Looking back behind the melancholy shadow of the swing I found my best friend Loyl, a brown fluffy animal who was caught between the old wooden door, and its frame. With one button remaining for his eye, and different colour threads that at one point, held his body together; I always found him in situation like these. I laughed, and watched him struggle as he squeezed his round tummy through the tight crevice, and approached my side with the trail of cotton that followed. I leaned my head back in annoyance. Another rip I thought. I went over to and picked up all his cotton, and stuffed him full once again; pulled out my surgical kit and stitched him back together. He apologized, but I knew he didn't mean it. I licked my young, maroon lips and approached the rail thinking of what he had said.  
	From where I stood, Loyl and I could see our old, white, french style house that garnished in natures hand. And the delicate vines that climbed the sides of my grandmothers home. And the green rectangles that lined in columns just ahead of our patio. And the stupid flowers, that I watered everyday. It was elegant, and he was right. How could I sit so sad?  I don't know Loyl I said, and leaned over the rail. I kicked up my dress and dangled my feet in the air, an attempt to balance on the rail, pretending I was the sun who balanced on the horizon splendidly; something I saw every evening. And painted in my sleep. Below me, I looked to the garden, which caught my eye. I leaned so far forward, I could reach out and grip the stems. I had never observed the flowers so closely, standing like an army of soldiers. I never noticed their battle against the heavy winds of the valley, or the dark grey sky that was with us everyday. But from this angle, these soldiers looked more powerful than mankind; even they, with the dying colours that wrapped around their green core, at the sign of cold fall; were more magnificent than the gigantic night sky that had begun to leak into the sleeping sun. Loyl put his face through the rail, looking past the dirt road to the end of the street. 
Up here, we're standing on the pedestal of the valley. Where we stand, to us, everyone looks like small little ants that can't harm us. And their voices, about your talent; are so little. So please, treat this special Isabella, for this allows us to see your talent prosper, far past this simple valley and far past this town we call, and will always call, Family.

	But Loyl, why is it I feel so sad?  Looking out into the beautiful sunset, we see the protruding stars who caress each other for warmth.  And this valley where we live, a place where children play on their way home, and in town chimneys who spout the smell of fresh breads and barn animals that do what barn animals do and birds that sing lullabies till we sleep, and I--  
	Do nothing of the sort.
	Yes. I answered defeated. I clenched my teeth, squinted my eyelids. I wanted to cry. It wasn't fair. Nothing was fair. Why can't I paint? Why can't I bring happiness to anyone in this town? I could not hold back my tears. They just flowed, and my word's skipped beats. 
I-I jus-just want to mak-make people happ-y
	My dear. You can do that, and you will. Loyl gripped my pants with his hand, and began to climb. But my darling, sometimes people just don't understand. So please, don't cry over it. They just don't understand your wish experience and explore, to discover the world outside of family. They don't understand your desire for your pink, beautiful dress and tight shoes to be stained and grimed with passionate paint and dirt. You are a girl my dear, not a boy. And that is okay. 
 I leaned backwards off the rail; my feet returning to earth absorbing the truth of what Loyl had said. It was true, I was a girl. I wasn't allowed to get dirt, to go outside and play. And I did not like this feeling, this feeling of sadness. I wanted to feel happy, I wanted to smile, to paint, to play in dirt with the boys. But I couldn't, I had never in my life dreamed I could feel so saddened.
	I want to accomplish much in my life; but I am limited only to these small hands, and the fence at the edge of our dirt road. I sighed, I felt so discomforted by sadness. I dropped my hands from the old french rails and walked towards the paint scraped door.  When I turned the crooked knob, I turned my head one last time to the sunset. The world was such a beautiful place, a mystery that I,  because of my young age, the space between my legs, I would never explore. I was only limited to the farthest point the eyes of the house could see.  Loyl tugged at my socks, pointing high above the sunset to the sky.  The sky was a purplish tint with red orange flare, and a vibrant crescent moon of yellow looked back at us. You know... Loyl spoke, while gripping my pant leg to climb my towering leg. My best friend, one day you will be able to experience these beautiful things. But, currently you must fall in line with their love of simplicity, their ideals. . . Loyl, now at my shoulder, stared delicately into my eyes. Then, one day, when you are older, you and I can travel with your prosperous mind. We can meet new people and see new things, and then you will be able to paint to your hearts content; and fall in love with your ideas and the paintings you will create. Because, wherever you go, I will always be at your side. His warm, fluffy hand reached out and touched my nose. I smiled, Loyl plopped his body onto my head, sitting down comfortably seeing the world through mine; and the beautiful sunset faded to night.
	Adulthood . . .
	And one morning, twenty years to this day. Isabella will wake, from a deep slumber of boring dreams and white decor to the eyes of her house, hers; the ruler of the castle will be she. One day, Isabella will work her way through the maze of toys, clothes, makeup and two little responsibilities to the gate of her large, untouched hidden past inside her castle. Behind that small wooden closet, will be  a catacomb of old paints, brushes, and  bottles of water; waiting for her creativity to flourish, stained and dried by black rainbows of old colour and dust. Hung up on a coat hanger will be her old pink dress never stained and grimed, her old style brim hat still as shiny as ever. The little gown, once too big for her bust, still stood ready for that day of paint, that never came.  And Loyl, was gone. Not a trace.
And as she cared for her children, she stared at the clock and waited. At 5:00pm her husband returned home for dinner, from the many ants at the train station,
It was meant to be, 
Another creative casuality,
 in the small town called Family.