Hope you guys like my first post on this subreddit!

      With Shut Eyes and a Comfortable Bed

     Daylight began squeezing through the cracks of his blinds. He had been resisting with all his might to check his phone, for he would learn exactly how little time was left to sleep. With much self-hatred, he reached for his phone. 5:46. Shit. He glanced over at his roommate to see the happy soul resting peacefully. With disappointment and envy, he shut his eyes again. For years he had wondered why he was so sleepless. He frequently blamed stress and loneliness, but in truth, he had no idea. He was good at lying. He looked people in the eye with a calm yet steady demeanor. Most of his lies were for those who asked about his lack of sleep. 

     If there was some sort of profound meaning behind sleeping, it had been lost long ago. He couldnt decide whether or not he even enjoyed the little amounts of sleep he got. Perhaps it was because, as many have said, sleeping is like dying with fewer consequences. He disagreed with this on principledepending on which miserable sod it was, dying would have fewer consequences than sleeping. He abruptly realized why he was so sleepless. He opened his eyes. These thoughts, these goddamned thoughts, were what kept him awake for all these years. All this time with shut eyes and a comfortable bed, the thoughts had kept him from peace. 

     Thinking was inevitable now. He was helplessly thinking about how a thoughtless him would live life. He ran through simulations in his head as if he was some sort of program designed to simulate how much death a new bomb would bring. He ran through every variation of how his life might change depending on the amount of thinking. His eyes were open yet they saw nothing. They searched the darkness for truth, whatever it was. Like his countless other imaginations, the man he saw as himself in these meaningless visions had courage, ambition, motivation, satisfaction; all things that the thoughtful insomniac lacked and longed for.

     It was then he felt the familiar pain at the center of his chest, just a fist above his sternum. He had lovingly named it the Hole. Like a thought, the Hole had appeared out of nowhere and had made a comfortable little abode on his chest. Not like a thought, in fact, the Hole itself was a thought. It was the root of the tree of thoughts that wildly fueled the flames of his insomnia. It was a parasite upon his mind. It force fed its host with countless fleeting hypothetical thoughts and the host unwillingly provided it with residence and sustenance. 

     His eyes were closed again. As usual, the unwanted plethora of thoughts had exhausted his mind. With shut eyes and a comfortable bed, he laid awake, but for the first time in what felt like an eternity, he was thoughtless. His fatigued mind and body allowed him to finally drift off into sleep, a sleep he dreaded to wake from. 
 
