Daniel turned the cold brass knob and gave a slight pull, hoping the door wouldnt budge. The heavy oak slab slowly gave way into darkness. His body flinched, as if instinctively recoiling from the blackness in front of him. 


Peering down into that pit, he wondered what could lay waiting for him. He drew breath and fought to steady himself. The air emanating from that hole was choked of life, stale and stagnant. He began to descend. Each deliberate step was marked by the groan of the rotting wood underneath.


The staircase was nothing more than slabs of old wood nailed together. Under each step was an opening more than wide enough for grabbing hands to slither through. The further down he went the worse the air became. There was something rank breaking its way into his nostrils, mold, or maybe the rancid somewhat-sweet smell of death. The only light, which fell down from the opening he has just passed, was dramatically fading.


Daniel could see the landing now close in front. He hurried the last few steps and was glad to be free of the treacherous stairs. But looking around he saw that there was no way forward. Directly in front of him was an earthen wall. Its mismatched stones bound together by some ancient unskilled masonry. The wall reached up into the blackness and wrapped to the right of the stairs. The only way to continue was to turn to his left, and into the blackness.
His eyes were of no use to him anymore. Daniel shut them tight, hoping his eyelids would somehow protect him. With an outstretched arm he dived into the inkwell, his fingers feeling for something he hoped they wouldnt find.


He was straining hard now, listening for any sound. Daniel knew he had to remain calm, but with every step his pounding chest became more and more uncontrollable. His head was in a state of turmoil, the tighter he tried to grasp his thoughts the faster they slipped through. Faces behind his shoulder, hunched over rotting things reaching out for him, giant grins glowing in the dark.


He began to run, at first trying to stay on some linear path, then wildly. The pounding at his chest was a savage drumbeat. The drumbeat of a demonic army marching off to war. Please God please God please let me get out of here! He stepped on something soft that gave way. Daniel fell hard in the darkness, landing on the cold floor. Something had lay a trap for him. 


Outside was a beautiful summer day. The kind of day in which Daniel liked to lay on the grass and let the suns rays warm his face. He would watch the clouds laze by. To him they were giant white airships on some never ending voyage. He delighted in nature, and the little everyday miracles that were abundant in its creatures. The way ants came together to complete engineering marvels without blueprints or foremen or unions. How a squirrel stored nuts away for a winter it didnt know was coming. Or maybe the horrifying adeptness for murder in spiders. Lying in wait, unseen, until its victim is impotent. Then with a deadly speed it pounces. 


He wondered what a fly thought, or felt, when it landed on a spiders web. Did it think it no more than a nuisance, until it found itself ever more entangled by its own escape efforts? What terror could such a pitiful creatures mind experience when it saw the giant eight legged demon racing towards it?
In that cold pit of a basement, the thing that had been stalking him in the dark was now aroused. 


Ending 1:

Daniel opened his eyes, the blackness around him giving way to something else. Above him now was an emptiness deeper than a mere absence of light. A void pulling into itself. A rabid hunger, seeking to consume everything human. Reaching out to him, clawing, grabbing. With invisible claws, and swelling tentacles. Invisible, or perfectly black? Pulling into the mouth, constantly, insatiable, always pulling, pulling, and pulling. Logic, into the mouth, courage, into the mouth, fear, into the mouth, sanity, into the mouth. The Spider eats from the inside out. The last thing to be consumed is the body, or was it consciousness? Daniel couldnt tell.


Ending 2:

Daniel opened his eyes and saw a shadow pass in front of his eyes. He pushed himself up with the strength and speed of someone running from death. In the distance he saw the one ray of light falling from the staircase and he raced towards it. His mind was wild with fear, desperate to reach the light. As he ran he could fear the imposing weight of something close at his back. Reaching the light, he dove up the stairs, clawing on all fours like a mad dog.
Daniel reached the door, but his mind betrayed him. He looked back. For one instant, at the bottom of the stairs he saw it. A shadow, black and crouched, covered in black hair. Then it was gone. Daniel slammed the door shut, and ran into his mothers arms.

Hey honey, whats wrong? 
Nothing mommy, it was just really scary. Theres a monster down there.
Did you find your ball?
No. 
Okay, Ill get it for you.


Daniels mom went down into the basement, taking the steps two at a time. She reached up and pulled the light cord which was just a bit too high for a seven year old to reach. Grabbing the soccer ball she found in the corner, she noticed that the cat has snuck its way down here. Come on you she said, grabbing the cat under the other arm. She stopped for a second to look at her wedding portrait, she had thrown it down here a few weeks back. How happy she had looked, how happy they had both looked.


When she got upstairs she noticed Daniel had already gone outside. Here ya go she yelled throwing the ball out to him. Thanks mommy, but Im gonna go look at these bugs now, theres a big spider by the bush.


She went back to her kitchen table, and back to the letters she had been poring through. Lawyers fees, court fees. Half her assets. The house gone, the savings wasted. All her hard work down the drain. Ten years of her life in the trash. Theres a monster down in that basement alright a real fucking spider, eating me alive.