Every Who down in Whoville liked orgies a lot,

But the Grinch, who lived just north of Whoville, did not!



While he had brought back christmas a few years before,

There was one more tradition he could not endure.

A thing Seuss would not tell the kiddies about-

That the Whos would have orgies, day in and day out.



The Grinch hated those orgies! But please don't ask why, 

He's bound to molest all your kids if you try.

The rank stench of cum could be what he reviled.

Or perhaps he was tied up and raped as a child.

But I think that the most likely reason of all

Was the Grinch's wee dick was two sizes too small.



But small dick or big dick, molested or no,

He hated the moans that came up from below.

For he knew that tonight was a night to be hatin',

Tonight the Whos fucked as a tribute to Satan.



"They're fucking like rabbits!" He snarled with a sneer.

"Look, Max, that one came down the other one's ear!"

He sulked with his Grinch fingers angrily drumming.

"I must stop those Whos from incessantly cumming!"



He knew what would go down when midnight struck the clock,

Every who down in Whoville would whip out his cock.

They'd fire up a bonfire and dance all around,

And they'd all mount each other right there on the ground.

The virgins and goats would be tossed in the fire,

While the Whos fucked and screamed like a middle school choir.



Yes, the Whos would indulge in debaucherous joys,

And when things heated up, they'd whip out their sex toys!

And they'd fuck all the wee little six-year-old boys!

What a horrible noise that came out of those boys!

That was one thing he hated! The boys, boys, boys, BOYS!



And then, when the blood and the cum was released,

It was time for the summoning, so in came the priest!

And he'd chant the old spell, and he'd summon the Beast!

Oh, the Beast! Oh, the Beast! Oh, the Beast, Beast, Beast, BEAST!

The Grinch couldn't stand Satan, no, not in the least!



And then they'd do something he liked least of all.

Every Who down in Whoville, the big-dicked and small,

Would walk up to their master, get Satanic powers,

And then they'd screw whilst FLYING for hours and hours!



And they'd screw! And they'd screw! And they'd screw, screw, screw, SCREW!

And the more the Grinch thought of this Satan-Who-screw,

The more he thought, "I must stop this hullabaloo!

"I'll plug up the cunt-holes of every last Who!

"I stole Jesus's day, so why not Satan's, too!"



"Why, for fifty-eight years I've put up with it now!

"I must stop this orgy from coming! But how?"



Then he had a wet dream!

An awful wet dream!

The Grinch had a WONDERFUL, AWFUL WET DREAM!



Yes, the Grinch had just fallen asleep on his chair,

And dreamed of an orgy whilst slumbering there.

With his dildo in hand, he was raping a Who,

And he shoved the machine in, and then he withdrew,

And prepared for thrust two with the dildo withdrawn,

But then there was a poof! And the dildo was gone!



So when that Grinch awoke with a spot on his wanger,

He knew just what to do. He went to his clothes hanger,

Took the old Santa coat he had only worn one time,

And cut it to ribbons. "And now, folks, it's fun time!"



Then from that red velvet he fashioned a cape,

And checked himself out. "Hot enough to bait rape!"

He steepled his fingers and mused on his plan.

"In this getup," he clucked, "I'll look just like old S'tan!"



"All I need is a mistress..." the Grinch looked around,

But the whorehouse was closed, there was none to be found.

Did that stop the old Grinch? No! He let out a sigh.

"Hey, Max! I've fucked you a few times, haven't I?"



So he took his dog, Max (though he put up a fight),

And took out a corset that fit him just right.

Then he wrestled Max into the zippers and straps,

Ignoring the dog's shrill and pitiful yaps.



"Perfect!" Said the Grinch. Then he went off and got

A few dozen huge bags, and he loaded the lot

Into a white van, with poor Max alongside,

And he sped down the slope while his dog whined and cried.



In the windows, Whos fucked. Smoke and screams filled the air.

All the Whos were enjoying their booze without care

When he came to the first little house on the square.



Now, unlike on christmas, when the Whos slept in peace,

Now the Whos were all up, and so were the police.

The Grinch swore and muttered. "I'll have to take action!

"While I get the goods, Max, you make a distraction."



So Max stepped out sexy in garters and tights,

And all the cops drooled with his ass in their sights.

He shook his tits like a professional whore.

While the cops looked away, the Grinch kicked down the door.



He strode into the house and he chuckled a bit.

"Now, it's time," said Grinch Satan, "to steal all their shit!"

In the bedroom were two men with one sucking dick.

They screamed out in shock. The Grinch slit their throats quick.



Then he slithered and slunk, bloody knife in his fist,

To the closet. "Where Whos keep their good stuff," he hissed.

Then he took all the sex toys! The strap-ons and whips!

The cuffs and recordings of male strippers' strips!

The anal beads, condoms, and gay porno mags,

The whole closet was shoved into deep plastic bags!



Then he slunk to the kitchen with a grin on his face.

"When you want to hide drugs," he said, "this is the place!"

So he opened the fridge, swept the Who-hash aside,

And saw that the house owners kept well-supplied.



There were mounds of syringes and huge bags of pot!

Sheets of acid in stacks! Crystal meth by the lot!

There were bottles of pills, there were bottles of booze!

They just couldn't stay low and sober, those Whos!

So the Grinch took the goods. He took the whole ton of it,

And tried some Who-ecstasy, just for the fun of it.



Now his bloodstream was pumping at maximum speed,

And he raced through the house, grabbing shit without heed.

He slammed open drawers to find money and crack,

And stuffed all the stuff down his wide open sack.



The last thing to steal, the old Grinch eyed with loathing,

An anime sex doll in sailor girl clothing.

He grabbed the sex doll by the hem of her blouse,

And prepared to haul her off out of the house.



The place was near clear of the stench of corruption,

But then, the Grinch met with a grave interruption!

In stepped a half-naked, slutty, drunk Who.

It was Tits Magoo-Who, who was not more than forty-two!



This drunken Who-whore had just got the Grinch caught

When she got out of bed for her ninth vodka shot.

She stared at the Grinch and said, "Lord Satan, why?

"Why are you taking our sex doll, sir? Why?"



The Grinch took his arms off the sex doll's round thighs,

And raised up a hand to adjust his disguise.

But you know, that old Grinch was so smart and so high,

He could quickly think up a believable lie.



"Why, good madam," he said with a slick Grinchy grin,

"This girl's cunt flaps too much when a penis goes in!

"So I'm taking her down to my basement, my dear.

"I'll tighten her there, and I'll bring her back here."



And the Who-hooker drunkenly nodded her head,

So he poured her a shot, and he sent her to bed.

And once Tits Magoo was passed out on the floor,

The Grinch took the sex doll and went out the door.



So the Grinch took his bags full of fleshlights and beer,

And left no more fuel for debaucherous cheer.

The only drink left in the whole Who-abode

Was some milk that went instantly down the commode.



Then he did the same thing to every other Who-house,

Leaving not enough whiskey to knock out a mouse.



It was quarter to midnight. He scoured the street,

And eventually found Max with some fuckwad's meat

Rammed deep up his asshole, with white semen flowing.

He pulled the dog out. "Come here, Max! We're going!"



Then the Grinch dumped his bags in the back of his van.

"We've got to get back there as fast as we can!"

He jumped in with Max, with five minutes to spare,

And hauled the Who orgy things back to his lair.



The bongs and the cigarettes, every last pill,

He towed in his van up the side of his hill.

And once he was up at Mount Crumpflet's tip-top,

He paused before dumping it. Why did he stop?



Because he was waiting to first feast his eyes

On the sad little Whos when they saw this surprise.

"Ha! Fuck all the Whos!" He was happily humming,

"With all their shit gone, there's no way they'll be cumming!"



"If they can't have an orgy, then, what will they do?

"I know what they'll do. Every boy and girl Who

"Will reach into their pants with a shlick and a schlap,

"And, all sad and alone, every Who will just FAP!"



"Now that is a sight I must see for myself!"

So he looked out to watch when the clock struck its twelfth.

It was midnight in Whoville, and that was the hour

When all of the Whos would invoke Satan's power.



And the Whos gathered round, and they came to the square,

And the Grinch saw a very strange thing happen there.

The Whos did not fap! On each face was a smile!

And they all tossed their lighters onto the wood pile!



The bonfire burned! Every big dick and small

Was propelled by a fuel that was not alcohol!

The Grinch hadn't stopped the Who orgy! It came!

Somehow or other, it came just the same!



And the Grinch stood there puzzling. "How could this be so?"

"They're screwing each other all sober and low!

"It came without acid! It came without weed!

"It came without smokes, or one lone anal bead!"



And he held his crotch tight till his penis grew sore.

Then the Grinch thought of something he hadn't before.

"Maybe orgies," he thought, "Aren't all about toys.

"Maybe orgies are all about girls fucking boys!"



And what happened then? Well, in Whoville they say

That the Grinch's small dick grew three sizes that day!

So he brought back the toys! And he brought back the booze!

And he joined in the orgy with all of the Whos!



They had Seussian sex in the light of the moon,

As the Grinch stuck his Waggerhunk up Who-Barfoon!

Their Wank-a-Yanks wangled and Junklesacks hung,

And Inner-Stick-Outeries bustled with Nung!



The Grinch praised Lord Satan with all of the town!

And then, when the big man was summoned on down,

He said to the Grinch: "GRINCH! I THINK IF I MIGHT,

FOR YOUR STEALING OF CHRISTMAS, I'LL MAKE YOU A KNIGHT!"



Satan knighted the Grinch! And the orgy was splendid!

His hangover after three weeks had not ended!

The Grinch's dick and a Who's pussy were mergin',

And he,

 HE HIMSELF,

The Grinch killed the Who virgin.



--------------

THE END

--------------
