 I awoke suddenly that morning in a cold sweat, fleeting images of the past nights dreams quickly escaping down the drain of the new reality of my empty apartment.  Every night for years the dreams, they always  seemed close enough to the same.  Always the same locations that are familiar yet horrifyingly different.  The dreaming had gone on so long that I could remember every inch, every nook, every stairwell, every rooftop that haunted that my second reality that had become home.  When the dreams would start I would know where to go and when, I would know who to be, what someone else wanted me to be and what I needed to be to the world. 
 I think thats what bothered me most to be honest, the fact that I knew instantly what my role in that world was.  I miss it, I miss the hell out of it.  For a guy like me knowing what you need to be is like the antidote, a cure to the uncut chaos than ran through the world's clogged veins.  My waking life became an everyday hell of hazy memories that might have been real or might have been imagined and intertwined with visions of the present. People passing by unsure of anything but themselves and the hallway that is their lives. I'd see a thousand faces a day at work and not one of them ever looked truly happy.  I don't know why either.  They always had on nice clothes and big false smiles full of neon white teeth, it was in their eyes though, you could just tell that something was missing.   

 I would have days, hell even weeks where I wasnt sure if I was dreaming or not, everything always seemed so real in both realities. I learned early on once I started having these dreams was that the worst kind of heartbreak is the kind where you wake up and realize it was never real, or even possible and then to be teased with those images, those feelings, those eyes, every single night.  It became to much to handle and I just shut down.  The thing that took me over for that time, the robot like control it had of my mind kept my eyes vacant and let me be where I wanted to be, this world or the dream one. Everyday the two became more and more blurred until finally I hit a happy middle where people seemed happy and I seemed to be not a bother. I lost true control of myself for years but in the end, as it always happens, my brain became its own enemy and the war was fought across many homes, relationships, jobs, all of them battlefields, all of them gruesome.  One side usually armed with pride and love occasionally someone would order in the mercenary squad of faith and guilt but their ammo didn't effect me as much as it should. The counterparts in these skirmishes was a guerrilla force of cheap drugs and even cheaper whiskey. They had seen many of their brothers fallen and drained in the past but new troops were never hard to recruit.  You can't have a war without someone to save or defend so that left my brain and heart as the cannon fodder in the middle of the field.  There were no survivors.

 After that I can't even describe what happened, The shell that I became somehow survived.  I try and look back into that haze and I can't figure out how, maybe it was dumb luck, maybe it was god, maybe it was my addiction fighting for it's own life.  I'll never know.  All I know is one day after a particularly long bender, I awoke and found that I could see me again, through the dirty mirror I looked and saw my own eyes for the first time in what felt like years.  My eyes in the zombie body reality had produced.  I decided then and there that life would change for me and I started out slow and made it to the bottom.  A lot of people wouldn't be proud of that, but when you start higher up and fall the view of the top from the bottom looks ten times higher.  I have a wife that loves me and real goals now, and the dreams aren't better just different, most the time at least.  Every now and again I have to slip back into my second reality and see how that world is doing.  

Hey, Darryl you awake?
Jim get over here!
Jesus Christ Grant, when did he slip off like that
I dont know man, I sold him some junk last night, he said he could handle it so me and him cooked up.  I must have fell asleep in the middle of lame ass story!
Man, hes fucking dead! lets get the fuck out of here before the cops show up!
Fuck that bum anyway, he was crazy as shit, I see him around here like twice a week, he's always talking to himself and from what I've always gathered it's the same thing over and over.  I tried listening to him last night, but damn man,  I think he honestly needed help.
Yea if anyone needed help, it was him, be sure to write your local congressman dipshit.  Jim, you get his wallet?
Good looking out Grant.
Their voices fading out of the abandoned warehouse where the last thing Darryl ever heard.
The front of the house where he could smell the dinner his wife had prepared from the doorstep was the last thing he ever saw. 