Chapter 2: First Blood
About three days after the incident at the other town, we decide that we need more food and water, so we look at a map and plan our travels. 
How far is the nearest town? I asked Mark as he looks at me as if I was a dog.
You tell me. Mark said sarcastically You have the map. 
Oh shit! thats right!
Oh Shit! No way! Mark followed up on my comment sarcastically.
I pull out the map and set it on a picnic table that was right next to where we slept. We stare at it with blank faces for two minutes and notice there are two towns, one behind us and one in front. 
Okay we could either backtrack about half a mile to a good sized town, or we could go to a smaller one about a mile ahead. Your pick. I said. 
Whats in the town ahead? Mark wondered as he had never been there before.
Mark asked the right question. He was always known for that. Instead of taking the quick route, he would take the efficient route. He was the guy when you asked him to jump, he would ask how high. 
Theres a superstore, gas station, clothing store, diner, and a grocery store. I listed as Mark had a very ponderous look on his face. You could tell he was giving this a good amount of thought.
Well, we dont need anything more than that so lets head there. Mark decided.
It was a fairly uneventful walk as we were walking through plains and a bunch of trees. The DMWs  dont venture far from towns because the find most of the food there. What intelligent species to know where most of the food lies. As we near the town, we see a hill that looks over the town which is good news because we can check out the town. We sit on the outskirts of town for about fifteen minutes and we see a problem. We counted forty-three DMWs in the town, and this was only where we could see. DMWs are easy to take out individually but in a group could be lethal, so we have to be quiet, careful, and quick. Mark nudges my shoulder and looks at me. 
Ready? Mark asked.
Lets do it. I said.
We walk into the town from the south end by a gas station. We pull out our knives and head in through the back door which was busted open. We look inside and we see one DMW. It is 11:38 A.M. so we can see inside from the light through the window. I give Mark a nod and slowly walk toward the DMW. They usually get attracted to sound so I get behind it quietly and slide my knife through its head from the back of its neck. After you get infected with the DMW virus, your skin becomes weak and easy to break through and same goes for the bones. So when I say it's like shoving a knife into an apple, I mean it. I pull the knife out and its body falls lifeless to the floor. That's the quickest way to kill them, scramble their brains. We walk around the gas station looking for food. We already had water. We find a bag of potato chips and a candy bar.
We need clothes. Mark whispered.
We look out the front window and see about 20 DMWs in the middle of the street.
How do we get past that? I ask.
Maybe we can go around from the side of the grocery store next to us.
All of a sudden we hear a loud rev of an engine. We immediately go behind the shelves we were standing by and I peek.
Watch my back for DMWs I said 
Okay dont get caught. Mark states.
I peek around the corner and see a car that just started its engine. It looks like it was getting gas from this gas station. They rev the engine more and all of the DMWs start to head toward them. I hear mark take down a DMW behind me. Im assuming it was walking toward the car. After 5 seconds of revving their engines, They burn out and make a huge cloud of smoke. They head onto the main road and take off as all of the DMWs follow them into the distance. Mark looks at me with a smile. He starts to giggle and says Well that helped out a lot. Thanks guys! Mark shouts out.
Hey you know the DMWs could still probably hear you. I said as I nudged mark.
I dont give a rats ass. They took all of those things out of town! That was sick! Mark exclaimed.
Well let's head across the street before they come back. I said 
We silently head across the street to the clothing store to get more clothes. there seems to be a little left but a small selection. As we crossed the street we made sure not to attract any DMWs, but as we got in the store, we saw 4 DMWs standing around the store. The store wasn't too big. It was about the size of a thrift shop. 
Look around for some clothes. Mark said. Get two pairs of everything then let's go. Oh and dont alert the DMWs. 
Roger that. 
I head to the socks to find socks and shoes. When I go over there, all of the shoes are gone. There are some socks at the end of the isle, but there is a DMW there too. Luckily, its facing the other way so I walk silently behind it, slide my knife into the back of its neck right under its skull and slide it into its skull. I catch it as it falls backwards and lay it on the ground. The DMW croaks and makes a loud noise through its mouth. I thought it might have been gas. I hear moaning of multiple DMWs and I look up from the ground. Three DMWs come around the corner so I turn around and run out the end of the isle. I look to my left and see the door we came in. I hear the DMWs but theyre far back. I turn to my right and see Mark.
Run for the door! Mark shouts. 
I start to run and look behind at Mark. He has a clear path in front of him so he seems fine. I run out the front door and look around. I dont see any DMWs anywhere so I look behind me. Mark busts through the front door and keeps running. He reaches right next to me and as he turns around, the DMWs are pouring out of the front door and heading toward us. It looks just like the movies. We start to run into the street and follow the road. I turn around and see around 50 DMWs behind us. 
Shit dude! Mark exclaimed.
Lets head up the hill! I shout.
Thats not gonna work- Mark got cut off by the sound of an engine coming from the road in front of us. We run to the side and we see a military convoy looking truck coming out way. It approaches us and two men hop out of the back with pistols and start to shoot at the DMWs heads. We go up to the driver and talk to him
Thanks for the help! I said.
Hop in the back! We gotta go! The driver says.
Mark and I looked at each other and thought the worst. We knew we could be killed or robbed of all of our stuff, but we didnt seem to have a choice. We ran to the back and hop in. The other two men hop in and the one on the left  thumps the truck twice with his palm and the truck starts to go forward. Immediately we start to talk to the men to know who they are and what they want. 
Thanks for that. I said.
No problem. The man on the right says. What were you guys doing anyway?
Looking for clothes and food. Mark states.
Thats a nice sniper The man on the left says.
Thanks. I say as I think to myself why would he say that. Was it for conversation or is he gonna hold us up?
The man on the left lifts up a tarp. Under it was a Remington hunting rifle.
This is my baby The man on the left says.
What caliber? I ask
30. He states.
Its beautiful. 
It had a nice polishing finish on it. There was some wear around the barrel, stock, and by the trigger. 
So anyways, Im Brian The guy on the left said.
And Im Steve. The guy on the right said
Before I could introduce myself, Mark says Im Mark and this is Dave.
Where were you guys heading to? Steve asked.
Just around. We dont have anywhere set up. I answered
Well, want to come with us to our base? Its about a mile from here. Brian asked.
I thought about all the potential dangers that could come from this. I look at Mark and he looks at me. Based off the look of his face, he was okay with going with them so I nod to him.
We would love to. Whats the catch though? Mark asked. 
Well we would need to fully trust you, so well take you on a mission with us and that will help gain some. Brian states.
What do you mean by missions? I ask.
To start off, a night run. for supplies and a guy we lost comms with. Steve answered.
Sounds fine. I said.
I'm up for that. Mark said.
