Would love some feedback and help, I don't know much about writing outside of what I've learned from high school so I'd imagine it's not the best (my title sucks). Just tried to throw a couple of twists in there. Also, I can't seem to get this formatted correctly so it looks weird in some parts that don't on my word document. Anyways, enjoy!


Change is Good, Probably

-Wake up. Class. Gym. Class. Study. Bed.-
 It was an averagely shitty day out here in Pennington. I walked into my 8 a.m. class about two minutes late, resulting in an absence and an evil smirk from my hell sent sent teacher, Mrs. Melissa Mooney. You wouldnt think it would matter if Im literally one hundred twenty seconds late to my puppetry class (I needed the credit and thought itd be a blow off, I promise Im not weird), but puppetry was that womans passion. After I finished up learning actually nothing for about an hour, my friend Ryder and I stopped at our respective dorms to change clothes and then met back up at the campus rec center for our daily struggle to maybe one day put on a few solid pounds. It was a wondrous two hours of glory, but once again it was time for us to go to class. Real Class this time. As in Advanced Psychology III real class. I like psychology. This class was easier for me than puppetry, because puppetry is redundant and nothing interests me more than the human brain. I want to become a Psychologist, but this wonderful education system we have nowadays makes me pay for classes I dont need so that they can make more money. To stop myself from ranting, well move onto the most boring part of my day: study time. I religiously  study for a couple of hours after my class and then pass the hell out on my rock of a dormitory bed. Thats the routine. 

-Wake up. Class. Gym. Class. Study. Bed.-
BEEP. BEEP. BEEP. BEEP, wailed my phone alarm at 7:35 a.m. I know I can change the alarm sound to something more soothing but thats the only sound annoying enough to fully wake me up in the morning. Plus, its what Ive done forever. BEEP. BEEP. BEEP, my phone sounded again. I started to grow a little frustrated because I always turn the alarm off instead of pressing snooze, and Im a little OCD when it comes to my routine. Of course I didnt not turn the alarm off, it was just a call from Ryder. Whats goin on man? I forced out from my chapped lips in a raspy morning voice. Im really not feelin going to puppetry class today, Zac, I forgot to do the homework online anyways, he mumbled in an even raspier, more morninger voice. Ill pick you up bro, its like routine for me and you to make fun of our teacher together. Its how I always start my mornings off, I replied in my most charming tone possible. He came around as soon as I offered that ride. I like Ryder. You see, Ryder knows how much I like my routine, and its not just because Im weird. I used to get pretty bad psychosis: I would feel detached from reality, and now I have annoying lasting effects like extreme OCD with routines and your occasional anxiety attack whenever I feel like something just isnt right, or real. Hes been my boy since grade school and as a fellow psychology major is very understanding. After class we hit the rec, went to class again, I studied, and I went sleep. All to be pleasantly woken up to my alarm at 7:35 the next morning. I like that time.

-Wake up. Class. Gym. Class. Study. Bed.-
Upon waking up, I caked my lips in chapped stick. It was chapped lip prime time as its pretty cold outside during this time of year in Pennington. Well, its pretty cold year round here. Its about 34 degrees, 5.5 mile per hour wind, and sunny every single day of the year here. I didnt mind though, it provided me with some consistency. I like consistency. A few hours later and Ryder and I had completed another successful morning of verbally tearing apart good ole Mrs. Melissa Mooney underneath our breaths with insults. Got to love having that class with her every single day, watching every single move we make. You might assume that we then went to workout at the rec center. You would be right. After psychology class that day, Ryder and I headed back to my dorm to study. I didnt really want him to come, I always studied by myself. When we finished I walked him out to the front double doors of my dorm, because the place is practically a maze. Damn it. I locked my keys in my dorm, I informed Ryder as we arrived at the doors.
Dude, its three in the morning and you dont have a roommate, theres no way in hell youre finding someone to unlock that
Fuck. I havent not slept in there in... forever?
Zac, if you literally cant stay here just come to my place and crash there, if you have to step out of your comfort zone, you should be around someone youre cool with. I got you dude. I obliged. Just because I didnt have any other options, not because I liked it. 
We got to his house and started watching some mediocre movie that he loved for some reason. I told him I needed to get some sleep, he replied with No, you need to wake up.
	I laughed nervously, and then began to feel a bit anxious: Before I knew it my eyes shut to black and I passed out on his couch, getting a good nights rest.

Zac! Breakfast is ready! shouted my mom from downstairs. I hustled down the stairs, growing closer and closer to the savory scent of grass fed pork sausage, eggs, and buttermilk biscuits with every stride I eagerly took. We said grace, ate, of course I played video games all day, and then hit the sack. Zac! Breakfast is ready! shouted my mom from downstairs, the next morning. I hustled down the stairs, growing closer and closer to the savory scent of grass fed pork sausage, eggs, and buttermilk biscuits with every eager stride. We said grace, ate, of course I played video games all day, and then hit the sack. Zac! Breakfast is ready! shouted my mom from downstairs, the next morning. I hustled down the stairs, growing closer and closer to the savory scent of grass fed pork sausage, eggs, and buttermilk biscuits with every eager stride. I sat down with my mother, father, and brother as we reached for each others hands so that we could say grace. Ryder, why dont you say it this morning? You always do a good job, my dad insisted to my big brother while trying to hide the sense of pride that he was blatantly basking in. It was a beautifully cold day in our town: mid thirties, slight breeze, nice and sunny: Just how I like it. Nothing like a little Call to Eeron, my favorite video game, to pass ten hours of the day after breakfast. Hey, Zac, my brother rudely interrupted as I was playing my game. What do you want? I questioned impatiently as I paused the career mode in the middle of a battle. Its getting dark and you know mom and dad are going to make you go to bed soon. Turn that off and come on a walk on the trails with me, maybe I can help delay your bed time a little bit, offered Ryder in a sincere tone. Later bed time? Im sold. Im nineteen and my mom still treat me like a damn child, watching every single move I make. We bundled up and headed for the back door that leads straight to the trails when we were stopped and questioned by our parents. Were just going on a walk,  I said with a fake smile, trying to sound as innocent as possible. My mom was beginning to speak until my dad yelled from the couch, Yall have fun! Be back before nine! Upon hearing my dads approval, my moms face took on a look that I can best describe as a mix of extreme worry, horror, and anger. JUST a walk, right Ryder? she snarled, giving him a not so motherly death stare. Yes maam, we wont be long, replied my brother with a smile. Melissa, just let the kids be kids. Mooney children always come back on time, theyll be fine, my dad added. We headed out the screen door and were greeted by the smell of fresh forest and  dog poop. 

Thanks for getting me out of there, I really wasnt trying to go to bed at 8:30 to satisfy mom, Im 19 damn it
No problem, I wanted to get some time to talk to you anyways.
Yeah, I was wondering why you invited me out here.
 You really have no clue?
Uhhhmmm no, Ryder, I dont read minds.
Oh my god, dude, I thought youd be good at this by now. Where did you spend the night three nights ago? A couch? Think hard.
Probably in my bed. In my room. Next to moms room. In our house. Like I always have. Where are you going with this? Youre weirding me out.
I dont think Ryder knew that I used I struggled with psychosis, that things I dont understand or that Im not used to can send me into a pretty bad anxiety attack.
Zac, Im sorry for what Im about to tell you.
What? Please. Stop.
Everything is fake. Those arent your parents. The sky above you doesnt exist. None of this is real. WAKE UP GOD DAMN IT! 
He was lying. I started to panic and shake, I knew it was another anxiety attack. My vision started going black again. NO! FUCK! Ryder cried out frantically as he fell to his knees, sending the tear from his cheek crashing down on to the ground. At that moment, I actually believed him. Then I went blank.
My eyes opened to the most intense brightness Ive ever experienced, I thought I was going blind. Whats his deal? I heard faintly from a mans voice. His eyes have been closed for six years, its probably going to take him a minute, said a tender, sweet, elderly sounding lady. As my eyesight returned to me I realized I was tied down in some kind of a chamber. All around me were machines, identical to the one I was in. Everything around me was metal and there were two people standing over me observing me like I was theyre science experiment. This time I remembered everything: going to college in Pennington, saying grace every morning with a family I now realize isnt mine, everything I once thought to be true was now organized in my head as one lie after another. Fuck you! Let me out! I demanded from the two people, shaking the machine as I tried to break my bindings. I would have broken every bone in my body trying to get out of this thing, for all I knew it might not of even been real. If I wasnt distracted by the sound of another machine opening next to me, I would have done just that. Out comes a tall, athletic built guy around my age. Jet black hair combed way too perfectly to be casually getting out of one of those machines from hell. The two people standing above me were unfazed by his arrival, they knew him. Its me, Ryder he spoke gently, flashing me a familiar smile. I know who you are damn it just get me the hell out of here! I replied as I returned to my fool proof strategy of attempting to flail around to get my bindings off. Shut up and listen, Ryder began as he locked eyes with me, Were the good guys. This is all, sadly, very real now. About seven years ago the Unitary World Government began something called the Simulation Study. With the previously new founded ability to transfer consciousness into computers, the Simulation Study is their way of trying to figure out if humans would even be able to figure out if theyre a simulation or not. Theyre methods of finding out werent, and arent so civil. They take homeless people, people no one care about, people that arent noticed when they go missing, and use them as test subjects. The UWG erases nearly all of these peoples memories and transfers each of their consciousnesss into individual computer simulations. The world around a victim is simply a bare bones world based on the memories that they have left which are often things that they like, projecting fake reality as need be. We fight against them. We asked for volunteers to fight the corrupt elite, and you were one of them. We wanted to beat them at their own game, find everything they need as humanely as possible and end this madness. We now know our tactic was useless. They dont want it to end, its more than a study now: Its as much of a study as it is just a tool for their enjoyment: Theyre own twisted computer game. Everyone on both our team and theirs had failed except for you. You figured it out. Everyone else lived blindly, a new character in the game. Your psychosis was just an error in our programming. You eventually realized you were a simulation but our computers would just reset you in a new reality every time you figured it out. You loved routine so much, because in your subconscious you knew this wasnt real. Routine is what kept you distracted and sane: Subconsciously being a fool to your own projections on purpose to save yourself from going crazy again.  Anything to keep you moving in the same direction and not freak you out, you wanted to be a part of. Our team tried to fix the error but it was too late, if we tampered with the programming of your computer we could of trapped you forever. I lived in the same world as you for four years trying to find a way to wake you up and finally, fucking finally, you came to. We are The Alliance, welcome back aboard. I laid there trying to gather my thoughts, it was a lot to take in at once. Ryder then added, Oh, and Melissa Mooney, your mom and teacher, is actually an agent for the UWG who was trying to keep me from freeing you back into our lab until they could find you in real life. Theyre interested in you because you found out you were a simulation: They dont understand. They know about you and want to abduct you for further testing. Thats when my vision went black. Not because I had an anxiety attack or was entering a new reality or something crazy like that, but simply because I was scared shitless. Hey, you awake yet? I opened my eyes to the sight of a girl who looked like she was about thirteen, her face a couple of inches from mine, with perfectly straight blonde hair and some clich looking space suit on. Im Ren, I was a volunteer too, for a while. Im just not as good as you. They figured they could wake me up and make use of me here on The Traveler. Let me show you around, she insisted with a giggle. You were a volunteer? You look really young, I didnt want to be rude but I had to ask. Girl whos young cant want to help out? she questioned with that same giggle and playful attitude you would expect a thirteen year old girl to have. I responded, Uhm I guess so its just I didnt expect Its pretty unlikely never mind, later realizing I mustve been the same age when I volunteered myself. She showed me around the boat, or ship, or tank, or whatever you want to call it. There were plenty of young people on board: They ranged from Rens age to mine. Think of big ass spaceship (about the size of a large stadium), now put some sails from an overgrown sailboat on it, now add two long missile launchers where headlights would be: Thats what The Traveler looks like. The next morning I joined them in training as preparation for the arrival of the UWG. We didnt know when they would find us, but we knew it would be soon. 

-Wake up. Train. Eat. Sleep.-
Every morning now I wake up at 5 a.m. and go to train. Once I finish my training for the day I enjoy a nice meal with all of my friends. I like my friends. I then go to sleep at 7:08 p.m. This has been going on now for like forever? Thats okay, whenever UWG comes were gonna get em! You may think its boring doing the same routine every day, but I love it.








