Roger sat on a stone near his bridge looking intently at the  lackadaisical water. Inside were some trout, fat ones swimming upstream  with modest determination. Roger was large and it took a lot of food to  keep his 8 feet tall body well nourished. Perhaps a nutrient deficiency  growing up caused his pale green skin to have orange splotches and his  horns to grow crooked and gnarled. The stained rabbit skin loin cloth  was his only form of decency and one of the few possessions he owned.
Hey  Roger, whats happening? The booming voice scattered birds and even  the fish in the water seemed rattled and scurried off. Tom was even  bigger than Roger but his skin was smoother and a dark consistent green.  His horns looked like they had been recently worked on and each made  one complete loop before spreading out from his head. The big troll  lumbered down the slope to the straight wooden bridge.
Oh hey Tom, just looking at the fish.
Sounds  good, Tom observed the muddy banks of the river surrounded on both  sides by forested hills. I had to take a break from my bridge. I always  say after you catch a lot of humans and goats make sure to go easy on  them for a bit so they keep coming. You catching a lot here?
Roger  inhaled, what a stupid question to ask. The mud around him had nothing  but a few fish bones and reeds sticking out with an old moldy femur  poking out from near the bridge. Not too much, no.
Thats too  bad, Tom grunted and made long cumbersome strides the rest of the way  over to Roger, his feet sunk into the mud with each step. You know, I  think the problem is location. See my bridge is in between some pretty  big towns. Plus its the only bridge around so people come over it all  the time. Its great! Tom seemed to have practiced his speech. Your  bridge well it has people on one side of it, but I dont think there is  really anything over there. Tom waved his hands to the far side of the  bank to the old moss covered trees. Plus there are what? Four other  bridges over this creek? Doesnt the thing dry up in the summer?
Roger didnt say anything but nodded his head with feigned enthusiasm for the comparison.
And do you see that sign up there? Tom pointed up the near slope along the barely discernible trail.
Roger  had seen the sign, but on his side it was blank and he never bothered  to read it. Yeah Ive noticed that, some human put it up.
It says Troll Bridge. Maybe thats why you arent doing so well.
What  a prick, I fucking hate this guy. Roger strongly considered saying out  loud. He was only saved when a short man in a green cloak appeared over  the ridge and immediately saw the two trolls about 100 yards away. The  man had a blonde goatee and a leather belt with a pouch.
Roger  stood and began screaming curses. Ill gnaw on your bones and salt your  fields. He then picked up a large stone and heaved it with both hands  over his head. The boulder made a lofty arc and landed just 60 yards  from the frightened man. Tom started waving his arms and jumping up and  down before picking up a small log and tossing it towards the man while  shouting Hrreerrr. The man was clearly shocked by the assault and  quickly turned and ran. The two trolls kept shouting for several minutes  and Roger picked up a second, slightly smaller, rock and tossed that as  well at the now empty slope. Ill rip down your doors! And then Ill  rip down your walls! This shouted even louder than his first attacks.
Exhausted  the two trolls began to settle down, Roger sat on a half sunken log and  Tom plopped down into the mud. A smile struggled to creep over Rogers  mouth while his expanded and collapsed. It was matched by Toms own.  Did you see that? We scared the crap out of that guy. Roger pointed  out.
Tom waved his arms, pretending to be the peasant running for dear life. Did you see the look on his face?
The  two trolls laughed and mocked the mans face. He was like oooooh  nooooo Roger contorted his face, that was great, Roger admitted,  getting his breath under control. So how have you been troll? Have you  caught any damsels lately?
Tom nodded. Yeah I got one a few weeks ago; I kept her under my bridge for a while. Then I ate her.
                                                    
The  next day Roger woke up from the mud and decided to make something of  himself. He followed the thin rugged trail back the way he saw humans  go. He had never ventured far from his bridge before, the first thing he  did was grab the sign and yank it out of the mud and toss it far into  the woods. He then spat on the hole where the sign once stood before  continuing down the trail. It was slow going since he lost the trail a  few times in wooded areas. A thought struck him. His whole life he had  been a bridge troll, now he started to realize he didnt know what he  was. I guess Im a woods troll now, He mused, happy with his new role  in life.
After several hours he came across a small town. He could  hear and smell the town before he saw it, hundreds of humans bustled  about. Horses, hammers and creaking wheels disturbed the quiet Roger was  used to. The trail came out to the back of a row of buildings and a  narrow alleyway to the main street the town was built around. He had  never heard so many humans before and decided not to get involved so he  skirted around to the left, staying behind the buildings and in the  woods. The town was only a few dozen single story buildings and he soon  got beyond it and followed the larger road that lead outside of it back  into the woods. The road was wide enough for four trolls to walk  abreast; large rocks had been removed and rolled to the side of it so it  was fairly smooth with little underbrush. He walked along it for some  time until the sounds of the town vanished behind him.
From over  the crest of a hill a scream broke the quiet. A man raced over the hill  towards Roger looking behind him. The man was tall with broad shoulders  and wore a heavy fur cloak over his green dyed wool outfit. A long sword  in a scabbard hung from his hip and a large pack was slung on his back.  He turned to look forward and spotted Roger. Another one! He cried  and froze in an idiotic stupor before pacing backwards.
Roger  lifted his arms above his head in a menacing fashion and started quickly  marching towards the frightened man. Im going to put a curse on you,  you will only see toads!
The man started stumbling backwards into  the woods away from the path. He almost tripped and turned to run. From  over the same hill lumbered another troll near the frightened man. The  troll was about a dozen yards from the edge of the trail in the woods in  the direction the man was running too. Roger watched this other troll  and lost focus of the man while he admired her. She was nearly the same  height as Roger and had creamy green skin with red splotches all over  her that reminded Roger of flowers. Two deer skins were crudely draped  around her body and tied on her left shoulder, leaving her right breast  bare. Small bony outgrowths speckled her well-muscled body and made her  look dangerous. Her two horns circled above her head to make her look  angelic. Come over here so I can beat you to a pulp and rip you to  shreds, She shouted. The man changed directions again and ran back  towards the path hoping to escape into the woods on the other side.
His  rapid motion shook Roger out of whatever daze he may have been in and  he rushed forward grinding his teeth together to make a horrible noise.  The mans chaotic runs were punctuated with frequent stops and  characterized by a stream of tears and snot pouring down his face. As  Roger closed the distance the man reached for his sword but didnt quite  manage to draw it before Roger got to him. He swung his arms down from  above his head and grabbed the mans shoulder and side, digging into him  with his sharp claws. He easily hoisted him into the air and then  smashed him down on the ground face up with a thud. His right arm slowly  reached for his sword again but his screams became labored. Roger bent  down to grab his neck and raised him back up so they looked at each  other face to face. The man tried to yell but only a muted gasp escaped  which was responded too with an ear shattering shriek from Roger  directly at the mans face. Ill turn your into a soup and make your  skull my hat. Rogers left claw came down across the mans chest. It  sliced through his clothes and straps to create a splash of blood and a  chasm through his bones and sending him crashing to the ground again.  Blood gurgled up the mans mouth.
The other troll shoved Roger. Hey I was going to eat him! She said with a snarl.
Well  I caught him, I dont see your name on him, Roger glared at the troll  and stomped his feet onto the ground. He moved his head forward and back  indicating he was ready to head butt however he didnt attack. What if  we split him?
She reached down and grabbed his legs while Roger  grabbed his chest and the two pulled. Both had to lean backwards and  strain but soon his entire body began grew stretched. Popping noises  were heard and then all at once rips appeared in his skin. In seconds  his whole body split in two near his navel. His raspy grunts ended and  the ground beneath him became drenched in blood and organs. Roger began  chewing on the mans arms while the other troll first sliced off his  clothes with her claw and then started eating him from the inside of his  torso. Rogers powerful teeth crunched through bone with no effort. He  slurped up the whole arm like spaghetti. Neither were efficient with  their gruesome meal and by the time they finished scraps of meat and  bone covered the pine cones and dirt, shredded clothes blew in the wind.  Roger picked up the sword with his toes and cast it deep into the woods  off the road. He looked down the road; chances are if he kept walking  he would find a nice empty bridge.