My first short story. Tell me what you think!

Patrick awoke with a start after hearing a loud thud coming from the kitchen. "Home invasion," he thought. He started grinning. Patrick was a self-proclaimed survivalist. He had a bunker full of guns, enough ammunition to start and end a war, and enough canned food to survive a ten-year catastrophe. (He had counted.) 
Patrick had read all the manuals and books and pamphlets dedicated to self-sufficiency, and wrote some of his own where he felt that the others were lacking. He frequently fantasized about impressing others, particularly the cute blonde next door. Here was his chance. 

Patrick grabbed his trusty shotgun from beside his nightstand, and quietly moved towards the stairs. He was careful to stay silent. He didn't want to scare off the intruder and lose his chance to kill him. He needed to impress the cute neighbour with his excellent home defence tactics.

Patrick slowly walked down the stairs, being careful to avoid the creaky fourth step. He jumped the last step, the thick wool rug in the main hall muffling the noise. As he entered the main hall, he heard loud grunting from the intruder. It seemed to be coming from his pantry. "What is this guy doing? Hope he isn't eating my food, I'm going to need a snack after killing him." Patrick decided to change his course of action. It wouldn't do to be silent and cautious if the invader was enclosed in the pantry. He needed to go in loud.

Patrick took three deep breaths and thought about his upcoming encounter. He needed to be quick to avoid getting hurt. Patrick decided on a plan. He would rush into the kitchen, turn on the lights, and confront the invader. "Here goes nothing," he thought. Patrick ran in.

The first thing he noticed about the man in the pantry was the blood and guts covering his face. "Aahhhhhh!" Patrick yelled. What the hell happened to this man? The creature growled at him and rushed forwards. "Ahhhh! It's a bloody zombie!" Patrick exclaimed, and ran backwards. He didn't get far until he backed into the rug in the hallway. Patrick tripped and fell onto his rear. The zombie was moving forward. It looked like it was trying to say something, although it was presumably trying to call for its undead brethren. Patrick found his courage, and whacked the thing on its forehead. He heard a low wail coming from it as it went down. Patrick wiped some blood off of his forehead, dropped his gun, and passed out.

When he recovered, he did not remember the events that had just unfolded. Then he noticed the zombie on the floor and his favourite shotgun lying beside the zombie with the barrel snapped in half. "Woah," Patrick thought. "Zombie heads are a lot tougher than on TV." Careful to avoid the zombie laying on the floor, Patrick headed to the pantry to grab a snack. 

He spent the next half hour eating and planning his next move. He needed to go into his shelter, but first he should try rescuing his neighbour. He lived in a cul-de-sac, nearer to the end. His neighbour lived closer to the road that fed traffic into his quiet street, meaning that any undead hordes that showed up would go to her place first. If there was one zombie here, there must be more. He was happy to rescue his neighbour. Doing so would mean that she could be his companion until the whole apocalypse ended. Maybe he would even finally learn her name. 

After Patrick finished his favourite meal of spaghetti and meatballs and threw the undead fiend into a large plastic bag, he suited up. He put on his riot gear, grabbed his favourite combat knife, and put some of the zombie's blood on his armour, like he saw them do on "The Walking Dead." He opened the first lock to his bunker, to allow for faster entry, and stepped out into the cool autumn night.

When he stepped out into the road, he noticed how loud the music coming from his neighbour's house was. "Damn, this isn't good." Patrick thought. Noise attracted zombies. Her house might be overrun by now. But, he continued on. Years of respect and thanks from his damsel in distress were worth a little battle with the undead. Patrick got to her backyard's gate, and entered. 

At the corner of the yard strewn with beer bottles and orange balloons, he noticed a group of zombies lying in the yard, without a care in the world. He quickly eliminated them to avoid having to fight them when he made his escape later. Then he took a preliminary peek into the house. The living room was full of zombies, all milling around. He quickly closed the door and rethought his choices. What was he doing here? Right now, he could be safe at home in his bunker, surrounded by canned pasta and survival guides. He didn't need to be fighting what looked like fifty zombies, he didn't need to be saving anyone. "But," he suddenly thought. "A few hardships now means I don't have to ride out this tragedy by myself. Perhaps there are other survivors in the house, hiding with my neighbour." 

Decision made, Patrick entered the house and started heading upstairs. He had to walk through the living room packed with zombies. His bloodied gear served to keep them at bay. Some nodded and growled, accepting Patrick as one of the pack. The nodding did worry Patrick. He hoped that it was just some of their previous humanity showing through, and not a sign of intelligent zombies. 

He finally made it across without getting attacked, and began going upstairs. When he arrived at the main landing, he heard a scream coming from the master bedroom. His neighbour was in trouble! Patrick charged into the room and saw a horrible sight. His neighbour, being attacked by her dead boyfriend! With a loud roar, Patrick pulled the zombie boyfriend off of her, and threw him against the wall. Luckily, the loud music blaring from downstairs drowned out their fight. The zombie pushed Patrick against the floor, catching him off guard. It began to open its mouth, about to land the killing blow. Using all of his strength, Patrick jumped off of the ground and stuck his blade into the zombie's head. He had done it, he was a hero. Pleased with his handiwork, Patrick started to introduce himself, but was cut off by his neighbour's angry yelling. "What the hell? What are you doing .?" 

"I just saved your life from your zombie boyfriend," replied Patrick. "From what, tickling me? What do you mean by zombie?" His neighbour sounded almost hysterical. She was not taking the apocalypse very well. "He wasn't trying to tickle you, he turned into a zombie. You're lucky that I came to rescue you." His neighbour began crying, wet sobs so loud that he feared that some attention would be drawn. "He wasn't a zombie! He was-" Patrick cut her off. 

"Your boyfriend is a zombie. Everyone in the house is. It's the end of the world. I killed ten of them to come up here and rescue you." He exaggerated his numbers a bit, to show how much he cared, and he tried to keep his tone as calm as possible, to try and relax her. His calm tone did just the opposite. She grew more worried and frantic, and started to scream. After a few minutes of her loud, annoying wailing she managed to calm down enough to say one final thing.

 "Of course everyone is a zombie you sociopath, it's my Halloween party!"

