(First time trying a medieval setting. This is part 1 of a 3 part story on my blog. Do comment. And if you spot errors, please flame! I'm terrible at editing.)

She came to me in a tavern full of pirates, brigands and murderers. Her demeanour and dressing suggested otherwise, but she was taken to be of that trade, which I assumed so too. To my curt dismissal, her weary face expressed disgust and silently she placed the invitation before me. Then she stood still, eyes away, quietly for me to read. She remained deaf to the jeers that continued to echo about us.


The Bourma Estate, I said, after fingering the seal on the invitation. I have no business with his lordship.


The mistress requests your presence.


Oh? I exaggerated my surprise and broke the seal. The invitation was simply worded, in elegant, decorative script. As she had said, the Lady Bourma requested my presence for a banquet two night later in honour of esteem guests. I was to be at Bourma Castle at sundown. There were no instructions on declination of attendance.


Most curious, is it not? I said slowly, eyes still on the parchment. Her ladyship deems my presence desirable amongst her esteemed guests.


She said nothing.


Are you awaiting the tip for this delivery?


This broke her. Her eyes shone with revulsion and her gaunt frame shuddered. Twice, her hands balled into fists. The mistress requires your presence, was all she was able to hiss after long. You should be honoured. The likes of you.


The likes of me. I fingered my chin. In the process, giving her an eyeing of my signet. This subdued her. Made her retreat a half-step too. The likes of me is precisely the reason for my bafflement towards this gracious invitation. I was under the impression her ladyship, or for that matter Lord Bourma himself, wishes me no lesser than thirty feet dead and rotting in the ground.


Before she could react, I stood and bowed. Nonetheless, as you implored, I am deeply honoured by this invitation. I will be at Castle Bourma at the indicated time. Thank you for your efforts. This is for you.


One has to be blind not to see the rage overwhelming her. For a moment, I thought she was going to slap. But cowardice was a standard trait of her knind and so in the end, she did no more than storm out of the tavern, leaving behind a ruckus of boos and whistles. I retrieved the coins she had flung to the floor and returned to my ale. After Luten waltzed over, I continued to sip in silence while he examined the invitation several times.


Maybe she expects a formal apology from you, he said eventually.


Maybe she expects my head as the main course.


You have to agree what you wrote about her was downright malicious. Luton sat down and hollered for more ale. Im surprised you havent been assassinated, or at least driven out of the county.


They cant afford it, even if they wanted to.


He turned solemn. Dont tell me you are going.


Why shouldnt I? Its a banquet. Free food.


Youre insane. They want you dead. The real reason youre still here getting drunk is that they are smarter than what you take them for. They wouldnt risk another scandal by openly killing you. Theyd take you down in another way.


Indeed. But my dear friend, they are hardly the only nobles in Agavoth that want me dead. As you have noted, Im still here getting drunk.


He would have protested further. That was Lutons character. To always persist in a viewpoint even when shown contrary evidence. But I have retrieved paper and quill from my satchel and so for a few minutes, he tolerated me scribbling the message. This wouldnt make it to Erikus in time, he said after I shoved the parchment to him. I need at least three days to reach the capital.


I didnt say there was any rush.


He frowned. His fingers shrank away from the parchment.


Get this to Erikus. Thats all that matters. At the same time, I leaned forward and softened my volume. Pay for a group to do a delivery. Say, that bunch over there. Theyre from Narrownight. Ive used their services before.


Delivery? Of what?


A chest of coins in my room. But tell them to depart only two nights later. On the night of the banquet. I winked at Luton, and my grin finally assured him I wasnt clueless in what I was scheming. Remove your dues from the chest before handling it to them. And oh, if I might suggest, its probably a good idea to transact with Narrownight while carrying some armaments.