This is a shitty little story I wrote for my shitty Religions class. Enjoy:

Ive decided to look for insights in the most extreme forms of religion. I look at the Salafi ideology, a strain of islamic fundamentalism. I decided to interview representatives of this ideology. I went to their home-town, worn torn city of Al-Raqqah, in Syria. They took me in, to show me their ways. They thought I would share with the rest of the world what I saw, and their fame would increase, giving them more recruits. I enter their worn torn city and we go to one of their bases. Dangerous looking beard man was assigned to take care of me and show me around. I told him I want to meet the suicide bombers, so Beard man takes me to meet the up-and coming martyrs of tomorrow. He says Johns going out right now, lets see if we can catch him before he leaves so we go to a place by an exit gate, and a rugged car comes by, and Beard man stops it. Inside is another Beard man, apparently named John. This John guy looks of a white complexion, and speaks with an english accent. He seemed very serene. He gave a big wide smile and said Im going brothers, Im going to kill the infidels and win paradise, for me and my family. Im so happy brothers.  He then left to do the deed. 

Beard man told be about the story of Islam. He said that the Muhammad was the last prophet in the line of prophets ranging from Adam to Moses and culminating and ending with Muhammad, who received Gods final revelation.


Beard man tells me You see, islam is not what westerners would have you believe. You see, the world is divided in two. The dar al-Islam (house of islam), which is the lands under muslim rule, and the dar al-harb (house of war), which consists of all the non-muslim lands. The purpose of Jihad is both to purify the House of Islam, and to decrease the House of war until all the non-believers are converted, killed or accept the status of second-class citizens.
I came prepared, so I say Ok, but what about the passages in the Quran, given to you by God, which say that there should be no compulsion in religion(Surah 2:256), how do you reconcile your view with this direct contradiction from God?
So beard man saysWell what does the next verse say? The next verse warns that the disbelieves will abide in hellfire forever. Do you think a sword through the neck means anything to someone who will burn for eternity? Do you think your interpretation of the verses matters? there is only one interpretation of the verses which matters, and that is Muhammads. Muhammad was the exemplary human. Did he not smite the jewish tribes of Medina? Did he not tell us to wage war on the infidels, until none are left? Do you think you understand the teachings better than Muhammads own companions did? Better than the scholars? There are some who want to claim that the Jihad is supposed to be some sort of internal struggle, but thats not what Muhammed enacted, and thats not what the great Caliphs after him endorsed, and thats not what the prophecies entail for us. The consensus is clear. Only those who engage in holy war for the faith can reach the highest levels of paradise.

So I say Then, if that is the intended path of the faith, why would the quran say such things in the first place?
He says There could have been some reason for Allah to reveal that to Muhammad (peace be upon him) at the time. But also, you have to understand how abrogation works. The circumstances in which the revelations were revealed to Muhammad matter. The quran states that if a newer verse contradicts an older one, the new one has priority(Quran 2:106) . Therefore, the claim about no compulsion in religion gets abrogated by the newer revelations, such as Surah 9:73 and many others, which urge the fight against unbelievers, and hatred against them. The most probable interpretation for the no compulsion in religion claim is that it simply means that one cannot truly believe in god without the impulse to do so arising from within. As an example, you can put a sword to the infidels neck, and tell him to accept god or die. Now, the infidel can do 3 things. 1) The infidel can say no and die , 2) The infidel can lie and say Yes, I convert, I believe in Allah and his prophet, case in which he will receive the harshest of punishments and 3) He can genuinely accept the word of Allah and of the prophet. Now, what the no compulsion in religion claim is, is it simply says is that the 3rd option can only occur if the infidel truly sees the truth of Allah for himself. You can threaten a disbeliever all you want, and he will not truly believe. The only way for the disbeliever to believe is to see the truth for himself. And your duty is to smite him in this life, if he doesnt, while Allah will burn him in the next.

So I say to him So youre saying that there could very well be no compulsion in religion, but either way, the rules are clear of what should be done to the disbelievers, and what their options are.
So I continueOk, then what about the verse that says that killing one man is the same as killing the whole of mankind? He says Thats completely out of context, just read the whole verse, that was being told to the Jews, and also it says that unless he was spreading mischief into the land. And also, look at chapter 8 verse 17, it says that when youre fighting the disbelievers, its not you who kills them, but Allah. So everything is consistent. 
I say Now, lets switch the subject a bit, tell me more about how we should behave in order to please God, and fulfil his requirements
So Beard man says Besides fighting for the expansion of the faith, another thing all muslims must do is live according to Sharia Law, the infallible and immutable law of God, which was created based on the Quran and the Hadiths, a collection of the sayings and deeds of Muhammad. This just consists of normal requirements, like say, if one decides to leave Islam, you should kill him, preferably through a beheading. Other requirements are things such as cutting off the hands and feet of thieves (from opposite ends,meaning left foot and right arm, for example), and giving 100 lashes to those who have premarital sex. 
So I say So your view on morality is that morality is dictated by God. If god would say that the moral thing to do is to torture every conscious creature for eternity, than that would be moral, would it not?
Beard man says Of course.

I then say So what now? Whats left to accomplished?
He says The prophecy. The Hadith prophecies a battle between the muslim forces and the forces of the unbelievers, a horde flying 80 separate banners. (a coalition). Weve conquered the city of Dabiq. Whats left is for the Unbelievers to attack the city. In this attack, a third of our troops will flee, a third will die, and another third will win. Afterwards, we will sack Istanbul. Then, we will be beaten back by the army of the anti-messiah. Then, when only a few thousand of us remain, we will manage to kill the anti-messiah and the apocalypse will come. Its also says in the Sahih al-Bukhari and Sahih Muslim hadiths (the most canonical of hadiths) that we will fight the Jews, who will ally themselves with the anti-messiah, because they believe him to be the Messiah. So we will fight them until some of them will hide behind stones. The stones will (betray them) saying, 'O 'Abdullah (i.e. slave of Allah)! There is a Jew hiding behind me; so kill him.'

After talking to Beard man, I walked around to see some live beheadings. Its other muslims that get the beheadings, for apostasy. While christians get crucified, and gays get thrown off buildings. Time to get out of here.beheadings. Its other muslims that get the beheadings, for apostasy they say. While christians get crucified, and gays get thrown off buildings. Time to get out of here.

