It was the summer of the ninth grade-- the first summer that I had smoked my first joint and had my first drink. That summer was a fun one. Everybody always seemed to have fun-- there was never any fear or concern about our actions and the repercussions that followed. The anti drug assemblies at the Renfrew Boarding School for the Esteemed didnt mean anything, we were kids, we didnt understand what drugs were or what addiction meant. In fact those assemblies did the opposite, when everybody told me not to do it, I wanted to see what all the fuss was about. And in my pubescent mind I understood that it was a taboo, and that we should mindlessly accept that all drugs are bad. The drug enforcement agent at those assemblies never mentioned alcohol, the vaporous demon that had taken away so many people's lives. He never brought up the amount of times he got blackout drunk and beat his spouse (partly because he doesnt remember). Nobody said a word about that highly regarded agent, when the headlines read that he was sentenced for the murder of his wife. You know why drinking is acceptable nowadays? Its because its taxed, and taxes pay for our beloved entitled society. So keep slugging back liquid poison to your hearts content as long as you arent using anything that the government doesnt get money for. And by the way if youre smoking anything, it better be cigarettes.

Dont get me wrong, you do get taken aback when youre in some run down house, no clue where you are, a vague memory of some party. To me junkies with box cutters are scarier than heroin. But either way no one did a very good job of scaring me, and the fear-- it only fed the flames of my intrigue. And curiosity is a dangerous thing when youre an impulsive adolescent. I vividly remember starting my first year of high school, joking with my friend that we should just lose it. (dont you remember when every impulse was funny?)
Hey man. Wouldnt it be cool if, I dont know, we did like the hardest drugs and skipped school and just get hooked on crack or meth?
Yeah man! He chuckled Wed be the coolest. We should totally do it.
If I were to sum up that time, everybody seemed to have a youthful indifference about them. There was also never any backing down. Every idea you had seemed like a good one and that one day youd probably get to it. All your friends were down for anything as long as it involved all of you having fun. I rarely thought about what I was doing in the moment, and never would I ask myself that when I was picking up a baggy of horse from a dealer, I never questioned it. Sure, you meet a weed dealer, then you go asking your dirtiest friend for shrooms and if youre like me, it just goes on and on. It never stopped, I was young, all I wanted was chaos. Fuck order. My whole life consisted of order, my parents telling me what to do and where to go. I had no control over my life, and ironically when I was spinning out of control, I finally felt what having a choice meant. I had never been able to make my own goddamn decisions. So when I heard that heroin is the pinnacle of your drug taking experience, and if drugs were a tourists guide to a European city, than H would be the kind of art gallery that requires a two day admission out of your 7 day trip. To say the least, it piqued my interest. It was probably sometime after my sophomore year that I had tried heroin, it was cheap, at first. Most of the kids I knew were doing it. But in my life nobody ever grabbed me by the wrist and asked what I was doing, but I dont regret it. Sometimes thats the difference between words and actions-- its the choices we make, and I lacked the foresight that everybody who didnt have money always seemed to have. We were young, and there was no prudence, no planning, no precaution. 

The walls in every corridor, hallway, room, and lobby were a pitiful steel gray. Choices Rehabilitation Center. If it were up to me this place definitely would not have been my choice. I remember thinking that the whole point of sobering up was positive, but they end up keeping you in some place that looks vaguely like a mental ward. That place was more depressing than any crack house I had ever been in. Nelly showed me to my cell, or as they called it, your room. Together we unpacked my duffel bag; she checked every article of clothing I had, and then the bag itself. Twice.
Unlike me, my clothes are definitely clean. I said. She laughed and said with a smile Its just standard procedure, its going to be a while before I can take your word. 
While we were walking to my room she told me that she was once an addict too, and after her experience she wanted to help people through the same thing.
But Im not an addict. I told her.
Honey, thats what everybody says.
I think what anybody failed to understand was that I was addicted but not to the heroin. She showed me around the room, it was on the first floor (so that you didnt get any ideas about jumping), the blue-grey bed, the China white bathroom, and a small desk with a lamp and a window (plexiglass, obviously) facing out onto a small garden(I later found out that the other patients tended to it, I chose not to), with a pathway made of small, damp hexagonal stones. There had been an overcast that day and it drizzled occasionally. She pointed to a few mechanical pencils and notebooks on the table. 
Like you requested, and if you need more feel free to ask reception.
Im surprised they didnt give me crayons so that they didnt have to worry about me stabbing them into my neck I said without much thought.
Youre going to fit right in. She joked, and smiled.
That smile was something special. It said everything you needed to know about Nelly. It was warm, nurturing, and tender. She loved you. She loved everyone, because she too was once broken and now shes trying to make a difference. And on the other hand, it was stern and strict and went right through you, and it would be in your best self interest to not dare think about shooting yourself up or taking another bump. At the time I could not describe it, but now I would be tempted to call it motherly.
Thank you. I said sincerely, but I feel like it might have come off as disingenuous and once again she smiled, as if she said without words:  Dont mention it.
Stay tight, were going to get everybody settled in and Ill come by later and take you to the meeting. She left and softly closed the door. 
I remember my hands were particularly cold that day. Thankfully, writing helped. Maybe it got the blood flowing or it was just my imagination. After practicing my cursive (it also helped with the recent shakiness my hands had developed) and showering, I had spent the rest of the afternoon staring up at the ceiling from the bed. It came to be early evening when Nelly knocked on my door. We walked to the meeting room in silence. 
When we entered she left to the corner where the other consultants were sitting. It was then when I saw the infamous Dr. Adams, addiction specialist and psychotherapist extraordinaire. He always seemed to have an esteemed look on his face, as he sat on a chair in the middle of the semicircle of seats where the other patients were supposed to be. I had always heard that former addicts were supposed to facilitate the discussion, not Ivy League doctorates. If I had any doubts before that this is where people with money were sent, they had been dispelled that instant. Girls from billionaire parents who had once looked twenty had managed to age a few decades over the course of their party years. Comedians, who thought they could never be funny again because their material doesnt have anymore substance. Actors who I had seen in movies were here in the flesh, right beside me. But what did it matter to any of them? What problem couldnt be solved with cash? It didnt matter if you were 9th or 472nd on the Forbes 500, because there are less than two thousand billionaires out of Earths entire population. Dont get me wrong, I didnt come from humble beginnings, money was never an issue in my household and my childhood didnt consist of my parents worrying how to get from paycheque to paycheque.
Welcome everyone. Firstly Id like to welcome the new additions to our circle. Please introduce yourselves. said Adams.
Hello, I am [insert name here], was monotonously responded with Hello [insert name here]. As people went around sharing, I listened to what they had to say. 
Hi, Im Christina, Im a Vicodin addict. Looking back I rarely thought about dying. And dying was absolutely the last thing on my mind while partying. But I started to realize that life sucks, and now that Im getting sober, life sucks with drugs and without them. Life kicks hard but drugs kick harder. But that doesnt mean we shouldnt appreciate the little moments that we have because life is precious. And its not worth losing for a petty high.
Thank you for sharing Christina.
Hey Im Tom, Im a coke addict. I never thought I would end up in rehab, because cocaine was my friend, any relief I needed it provided. Boredom. Sadness. Loneliness. But then the fun stopped, and after that the only thing I thought was that there wasnt enough. But either way, its a decision. And from now, I want to make decisions that keep me clean and away from the pain.
Thank you for sharing Tom.
It then became my turn to speak. Unlike the rest of the group. I didnt know what I wanted to say. So I just started with words and hoped the meaning would arrive at some point. 
Hello Im Aaron, I guess youd call me a heroin addict? I said with heavy handed inclination.
Heroin is a choice. Something I had never been presented. And when everybody was so afraid of it I chose not to be. I chose to do something for once, rather than my life always being shoehorned into some direction I didnt want it to go. There is no greater pain than being at the behest of someone superior. Not having a voice sucks. But I had a blast with heroin. Have you heard somebody get morphine administered at a hospital and say that they didnt like it? Heroin, is the best thing Ive ever done. Firstly I was introduced to marijuana and then I decided to experiment with a little bit of everything. I labeled it as an introspective journey, but my parents called me a junkie instead. Heroin is the drug you always hear about that people take and never come back from, and I said fuck it. I only hoped for something like that. I wanted it to take me far away, something so foreign and outlandish that I had never seen before. And you know what? For the first time in my life I had actually felt something-- I was able to fly and feel warmth. And for a moment I was in the sky, but I had flown too close to the sun and my wings had burnt up. And I guess now Im here. Im back on Earth. But you know what? At least for once in my life I hadnt felt complacence, I had felt as if life meant something. And thats something that I will never forget.
There was no thank you. The room had a gravitational silence. I stood up and left. for the first time in a long time scalding tears ran down my face. Nelly charged behind me moments after. The meetings went better after that. Adams was a good shrink but he really shouldn't have been a chairman, what did he or any scholar know what addiction is really like. And Nelly, well, she was probably the only reason I chose not to get the hell out of there.

Funny, how all that felt like yesterday once...

And now I think about the question all my friends and family asked me when they found out I chose to stick myself with a needle and inject heroin. Why? and when I had told them the truth, they always had the same dumbfounded face, none of them could ever believe me.

Just cause its what I do. I would say with a smirk.

As the first riffs of Kashmir start to rumble in my living room, I light a spoonful of tar, I was always a fan of the darker stuff, but China White had its place in my heart too. Watching its reflective sheen bubble slightly, as I prepare the hypodermic. Humanity likes to pretend that everything in their life has meaning and that God, the Universe, or fate, whatever it may be, is entitled to a purpose or any sort of reasoning. To speak for myself, the only point Im familiar with is the one that is on the tip of a needle. 