     Daylight began to crack through his tilted blinds. He groggily opened his eyes. He resisted with all his might the urge to turn and look at his alarm clock, which hadnt even gone off yet. With much self-hatred, he glanced at the clock. 6:04. It was a Saturday. He had thought about why he was so sleepless for years. He glanced over at his roommate and watched him for a moment sleeping peacefully. He frequently blamed stress, and loneliness, but he was good at lying, especially to himself. In truth he had no idea. Sleeping was the double-edged sword. He loved it, yet it evaded him so. If there had been some profound meaning to sleeping, it had lost its meaning to Chris many years ago. It wasnt that he couldnt sleep, its that he couldnt get the thoughts to stop racing a million miles a minute. He was always thinking, yet he could never stop and focus on a single idea. There were too many rushing in all at once. He often thought about life before distraction. Back in the 17th or 18th centuries. Life was simpler.  When the sun went down, people just went to bed; they couldnt see any reason to stay up past when they could no longer see anything, he jokingly thought. He would sometimes lay in bed, staring at the ceiling simulating past moments over and over and over in his head. Running through every possible situation that made the outcome something he desired. He felt as though he was never completely content with the way things ended up. He sat for a moment, contemplating the force that kept sleep so far out of his reach. He was relaxed, at ease with himself; with who he was as a person. He was satisfied, but not happy. Just satisfied enough that he could bear it. Its not that he wanted a lot in order to be happy. He lived a pretty good life, but by no means was it extravagant. But he was good with that. He had the things he needed; he had friends, a car, a sustainable job. Yet he still lacked a reason to get up in the morning, something worth living for. Growing up, Chris had always been a quiet kid. He was a social kid, but always found himself holding back his comments, just thinking. As he grew older, over the years the smile that once plastered itself onto his face gradually morphed into a frown carved in stone from the mundanity of his routine. He sat up and readjusted his position to sit against his backboard and flicked on the flexible reading lamp attached to his nightstand. He pulled out his journal, and flipped through the hundreds of pages filled with his thoughts and doodles until he found a blank page near the back cover. He put in his earphones and played some soothing instrumental music from his playlist titled Chris 1, as to not wake his roommate. This journal was his one way to capture all the thoughts that flowed through his mind. Chris had never been particularly good with his words, especially in writing. His roommate was an author, who had been more than successful for the last few years, and Chris had always tried his best to imitate his elegant writing style, but often wound up with a jumble of big words and a metaphor lost within the wall of text. For years, Chris watched his freelance author of a roommate do absolutely nothing for months on end, get an idea in his head, crank out a new book in the next few months, and repeat the whole process over again. So instead, Chris resorted to drawing. As to what he drew, it was a mystery. He drew whatever his thoughts were. Whatever imagery or vague idea his thoughts would scramble to form by the time he was ready to sit down and draw. It didnt matter what they were to him. Because they were not for anyone else. He drew for himself. It relaxed him, it put him at ease. It allowed him to clear his mind, and for a moment in his life; be thoughtless. Although he loved drawing, he only picked it up because his roommate suggested it. Chris had always struggled being himself. He found himself often dependent on others to make choices for him, and to lead him to his own happiness. He had always been influenced by what he saw, by what others did and said. He liked to think that this behavior was just a product of the old saying  Who you surround yourself with, you become, and that it was perfectly natural to feel a bit lost and self-conscious. But he was good at lying. 
         
     He looked once more at the clock. 7:59. It had been almost two hours, of him simply basking in his thoughts. He stretched his arms above his head and arched his back, letting out a long continuous yawn in the meantime. He turned toward the side of his bed and stepped into his slippers at the foot of his bed He walked over to the large curved window overlooking the Cascade Mountains. The sun could just now be seen rising over the horizon. The snow covering the leafless tree branches and the peaks of the mountains off in the distance. He heard a ruffling behind him. It was his Roommate, Michael waking up in his bed across in the room connected by the joint bathroom in-between. He immediately jumped up, and enthusiastically jumped out of bed, not even bothering to look at what time it was. He was just happy to be alive and well, and start another day. Michael walked over to Chris room, noticing the side lamp was on, and greeted him with a Mornin man! What a nice day aint it? 
     Chris gave off a smug smirk, and sighed before responding. Whats your secret dude. How do you do it; live so care-free, so spontaneous. I try so hard to open my mind, my thoughts, to disregard what others say or think about me I just want to be happy man

     Michael scoffed and let out a short chuckle, see thats your problem Chris, You cant try to hard, you cant force It You have to let each day hit you as it comes. Anticipate the unexpected; your journey has molded you for a reason, and you cant change your journey. Dont ever think for a moment that youve lost time. Every experience youve had has brought you to this moment right now. Now is right on time. Live in the moment and dont think too hard about trying to make that moment perfect. Its the picture as a whole that is perfect. 
  Theres your stupid elegant words again Michael! Chris shouted. 
  Sorry man, force of habit, but you get what Im saying, man?
  I guess I do said Chris, turning back to retrieve his journal, flipping to a page that he had folded down the corner to save the page. 
  Did you think of something asked Michael?

  Chris smiled as he looked at the page in front of him. It was an entry from the day he hiked up the mountain on a snowy day a few years back. Reading the entry sent him back to that moment. He felt nostalgic. He remembered being truly happy in that moment. At the bottom of the page was a small sketch of his view from the top of the mountain. It wasnt very good, but regardless it brought him back to that view and saw it clearer than ever. He didnt share what was on the page with Michael, as the journal was for himself. He didnt need to share in order to be satisfied with that moment. 

      Want to go downstairs and make some breakfast? Im starved? disclosed Michael. 
    Nah, I think Im gonna go back to bed, Chris said proudly, letting off a grin.
    Michael left the room and walked downstairs. As Chris listened to his footsteps stomp down each stair, he walked back towards his bed away from the window, unplugged his earphones from his phone, turned off his alarm, set down his journal on his nightstand. He slipped off his slippers back to their place on the bedside floor, and slide into bed and pulled the covers over him until he was satisfactorily comfy. He flicked the switch, turning off his bedside lamp. And closed his eyes. He drifted off to sleep, thoughtless, for the first time in a long while. 
