I would just like to ask here for some constructive criticism! This is my first short story and I need to submit it for class tomorrow. If anyone could help me out that would be great!

Somewhere Only We Know
Quinn stretched her legs out luxuriously on the soft spring grass and looked up at the blue above her. This was the first sunny day she had seen for a while and she intended to enjoy it, even if it meant shirking her chores for a while. This was Quinns favorite hill.  Right outside of her familys farm, it was quiet, peaceful, and best of all, her fathers bum leg inhibited him from chasing after her. Nobody came to this hill, and that was the way she liked it.
Heyyyyy! Hey you! What do you think youre doing!? Startled, Quinn immediately sat up and looked around to see where the voice was coming from. She squinted her eyes and scanned up to the trees behind her, and down to the valley below, resting them on a lone figure walking up the hill towards her. Oh! She gasped in surprise. Another human! I didnt expect to see anyone out here. Youre not supposed to be here ya know! yelled the figure in reply. Well thats a little rude, Quinn thought to herself. Who is this person? And just why am I not supposed to be here? she shouted down. At that point the figure had climbed up the hill far enough for them to make out each others features. Quinn was surprised to see a boy a little older than her, probably sixteen. His dark hair had been windswept into a shaggy mess, and there was a smudge of dirt on his face. His green eyes met her brown ones and she saw his were more than a little agitated. By the time Quinn finished scanning him, his long stride had brought him right in front of her. This is my spot. The boy said icily. I dont know who you think you are, or what youre doing here, but this is my property and you gotta go.
Quinns temper flared and she immediately rose to stand toe to toe with the newcomer. She crossed her arms and glared at the boy. Nobody tells her what to do. Excuse me, but this hill is right next to my familys property. Quinn retorted angrily. Ive been coming here for years and I have never ever seen another person. I dont know who you think you are, but you have absolutely no right to tell me to leave! While Quinn had been giving the boy a piece of her mind, he had slowly been losing the agitated look on his face, and was now somewhere between smirking and smiling at her. For reasons she couldnt identify, this frustrated her even more. What?! Quinn snapped Thought that was you Quinn. The boy said, now fully smiling at her. Id recognize that temper anywhere. Taken aback, Quinn stopped to take the boy in once more. Although he didnt look familiar at first, something in his face Oh my gosh! Quinn exclaimed. Is that you Pete Lanoue?! Grinning widely at her the boy shrugged and said Yeah I guess its me. I thought you wouldve recognized me sooner. Should my feelings be hurt? Quinn beamed and stepped forward to wrap Pete in a hug. He froze at first, but then tentatively hugged her back. They had been childhood friends, and she hadnt seen him since he moved away. Releasing him, Quinn stepped back and drank him in from head to toe. He was taller, and wasnt so skinny anymore, but he still had the same unruly hair, and the same glint to his green eyes that hinted at mischief.
What are you doing here?! I cant believe its you! Thanks for never replying to my letters by the way. Quinn teased Just passing through. Pete replied with a wave of his arm. Thought Id stop by and see whats happened to Dads old place. I stopped by your house and your pops said you had run off earlier. I figured you might be here. As kids, Quinn and Pete had romped all through the hills behind Petes house. His father owns the farm next to Quinns, and although the farms had once had a fierce competition, Quinn and Pete became best friends and did practically everything together. Their favorite spot was the hill they were currently standing on, as it was almost exactly between their two houses. Years ago, Petes dad had gotten tired of farm life and found a job in the city. He picked the family up and moved them, leaving Lanoue Farm to fall into disrepair. That was six years ago. Quinn hardly went there anymore, as seeing it all boarded up and empty made her feel empty as well. I cant believe you remembered. Quinn said softly. I didnt really, my feet just kind of led me here. Pete replied, looking around. Wow, I forgot what this place was like. It looks like I could reach up and pluck one of those clouds from the sky. Quinn smiled and looked up. It really did look like if she were just a little bit taller, she could touch the sky. Still smiling, she looked back at Pete, who was staring at her a little wide-eyed. Slowly he reached his hand up towards her and took a strand of her hair between his fingers, never breaking eye contact.
Worrying the blonde strand between his fingers, he murmured, So soft. Never understood how. Quinn was frozen. Her heart was hammering in her chest so loudly she was sure Pete could hear it. Trying to regain her composure, Quinn shrilled Y-Yeah! Its called shampoo! You should try it sometime. Pete dropped her hair at this and gave Quinn a sad little smile. The air between them was heavy with an emotion Quinn couldnt define. Trying to think of things to say to fill the silence, too cheerfully, Quinn exclaimed Hey! You should come to my house for dinner! My parents would absolutely love to see you! Pete looked thoughtful for a second and then replied, Yeah that sounds alright. I just have to check in with my dad and Ill be by later. Quinn smiled broadly and clasped her hands together. Awesome! I cant wait! I want to hear all about the city and what the heck youve been doing for the last six years. Its been six years huh? Pete said wistfully. Yeah I guess thats true. Feeling a little awkward, Quinn replied Ok, well Ill see you later! before dashing down the hill. She had so much to do! Between the cleaning and cooking, there was no way shed be able to get to her neglected chores. Oh well. This is a special occasion. Pops will understand. Quinn looked back once to find Pete standing in the same spot she left him. She couldnt quite make out his facial expression, but she would swear he was laughing.
Once Quinn reached her house, she bolted inside immediately to find her parents and tell them the good news.
Dad! Mum! Where are you guys?! I have a surprise for you! She found her dad in the kitchen on the phone, looking a little teary-eyed. Once he saw Quinn he held up a finger to signal her to stay quiet. Uh huh. I just cant believe it. Well thanks for letting us know. Our condolences. Quinn heard her dad say before slowly hanging up the phone. Confused, Quinn waited for her dad to explain what the phone call was about. When it became clear he was in no immediate rush to answer she started Dad wha That was Alice Lanoue. Quinns dad interjected. You remember, the oldest Lanoue daughter? Yeah I remember her. How is she? Is everything ok? questioned Quinn Well kiddo shes been better. Theres been an incident. The building her family lived in? Gone. Quinn could feel the blood drain from her face. She had one of those gut-wrenching feelings where it feels like a train is about to hit you and theres nothing you can do, but watch it come. She waited for her dad to continue. There was an electrical fire. It started in the middle of the night while everyone was sleeping. By the time anyone realized what was happening, it was too late. Everyone living in the building died Her dad said sadly. Quinn couldnt hear anything else her dad said. Everything was white noise to the screaming in her own head. How is this possible? She just saw Pete. What was going on?
But..butPete Quinn managed to choke out. What about Pete. Her dad just looked at Quinn sadly and said Im so sorry sweetie, but Pete is dead.