A pair of infernal horns peek out of the salt and pepper hair of this red skinned humanoid. Solid black eyes glow and burn with the intensity of the dark hellfire permeating from his home plane. Rough graying stubble covers the jaw and the Devil appears to be middle aged. Wearing a bespoke black suit with gold trim, a red tie, and a jet black peacoat, he stands six feet tall. A pentagram signet ring adorns his left hand, and his right carries a gold sword cane ending in a handle of twisting onyx. His footsteps leave behind motes of fire and the scent of brimstone. Tucked inside his coat is a chrome-plated six shooter magically engraved with a portrait of agony in motion. A barbed tail flicks back and forth behind him, and two bats wings sit folded between his shoulder blades.

Beneath his foot is the head of a greater Osyluth, Inquisitor Rutubis, a Bone Devil, a class of Devils that resemble horrid humanoid skeletons with massive scorpions stingers and comprise the vast majority of Hells fearsome Inquisitors and interrogators, though this one is far from fearsome in it's current state; microfissures form in its exposed skull as it squirms and rattles beneath his boot. His terrifying fanged maw opens and twisted black smoke pours out as he speaks.

The Infernal Plane of Hell is a place of order, Rutubis. You know that." The skeleton shakes in response to the booming, gruff voice. "We are not agents of Chaos. We are Law and Order incarnate. We hold those who were Lawful in life, but lacked the sadly commonplace weaknesses of empathy and compassion." Righteous anger permeates his words. "That is our place in the multiverse. Our planar structure is rigid, carefully constructed to sort the strong from the weak; it is not your personal playground." A frown streaks across his ugly, scarred face. "We do not go around causing chaos. You were my best Inquisitor. I thought I trained you better than this.

The tormented skeleton writhes and squeals back, I was just having some fun! It was... it was nothing! I swear! I swear it Lord Inquisitor! Just give me one more- The skeleton stops speaking, through no choice of it's own, as a brutal kick completely dislocates its jaw, sending it skittering across the floor of his office in numerous pieces. Hell is my town, Rutubis. There are no second chances, there will be no disorder, and there is certainly no fun. I have tolerated your indecent antics for far too long. Your contract is hereby terminated. His explosive condemnation is punctuated by a sickening crunch as his boot descends through the skull of his top lieutenant.

He turns to his audience of Inquisitors and growls. The group of Devils recoil backwards as he walks away, his brand burned into the very bones of his victim. Each one says the same thing, his full title written in Infernal calligraphy, bookended by flaming pentagrams. This is Hell, and he is the monster that lurks in the darkness. He is the Devil that all other Devils cower from. He knows everyones secrets, even those of Satan herself. His brand reads, Archduke Archibald, Lord Inquisitor of the Nine Hells, Master Commandant of Her Majestys Secret Service.

As he exits his office, he casually turns to his receptionist and says, There is a mess in my office. I want it cleaned up by the time I return from my meeting with Her Ladyship, or I will have your spine as a backscratcher. His receptionist smiles and begins to say, It is already done, but Archibald has already disappeared in a flash of black flames.

----

This is the first draft of the prologue to a short story I'm writing about the Big Bad of the Pathfinder campaign I'm running (I'm a nerd, I know). The main character is Archibald, Hell's Lord Inquisitor, essentially the head of the Infernal Internal Affairs. Though it is set in a standard Tolkienien fantasy multiverse, Hell is not restricted by those laws and is a fusion of medieval, modern, and futuristic, with influences from all over time and space. Critiques welcome.