The sign on the door read Alisons Room. It was my bedroom, very dusty in fact. I cleaned it thoroughly every Sunday. No matter how hard I tried, it seemed to get increasingly filthy every week and dont even get me started on that blood stain, Ive tried everything. Ive asked Mum to clean it too but the last time I asked she just looked at it and walked off. I will give it a few days and ask her again.

Sundays are my favourite days, it is the only day of the week when Mum and Dad are not working and therefore we are all together. When Ive finished cleaning my bedroom I always rush downstairs to find a plate of Dads World Famous Cooked Breakfast on the kitchen table. Well, that is usually the case. In the last few weeks it seems as though my Mum and Dad have gone on a diet and that means I miss out too. This means that I have now become accustom to serving myself a bowl of coco pops, an easy but satisfying alternative. Id rather have the cooked breakfast but I dont want to bother Dad. He seems a bit distant and has even been ignoring me. To be fair I do spend a lot of time in my room, I just feel bound to there. I cant help it.

With it being Sunday we usually go and look around the local village market. When I say we that means me, Mum and Dad. However, the last few times it has been me and my Mum. I have to rush to the car before my Mum leaves otherwise she will leave without me. I cant help it sometimes, teenage girls just take a while to get ready. Conversation in the car journey has been a little lacklustre lately. Me and my Mum can talk about anything but just like Dad she too seems distant. She has begun to talk over me and sometimes even change topic without apology. I suspect that Mum and Dad are going through some relationship issues. That can be the only explanation.

The village market was relatively busier than usual and much louder. I never saw this many local people at the market before. I didnt even know the village was home to this many people. I made an effort to keep track of my Mum and made sure I didnt lose her in the crowd. We made our way through to the flower stall. The family knew the florist Mrs Silvan, she was a very close friend of the family so my Mum and Dad always made sure to stop by her stall on a Sunday and make conversation with her. She was the eccentric type, she had been widowed for quite some time but always seemed to be a lively old soul who the village couldnt help but adore. She had begun to freak me out the past few weeks, giving me vacant stares so I made a habit of going to the sweet stall adjacent whilst eavesdropping.

My Mum greeted Mrs Silvan with a shallow smile as well as saying Good Morning, Mrs Silvan and exchanging all the normal niceties. Mrs Silvan passed over a vibrant bouquet of flowers as well as a white box and subsequently my Mum passed over a fair amount of money. Mrs Silvan tried to reject the cash.

No please take it, plus Alison will love them, thank you so much said my Mum.

It all made sense now. My birthday was coming up very soon so I guess Mrs Silvan was trying to throw me off the trail by giving me strange looks to make me feel uncomfortable and in turn be distracted enough to walk away so her and my Mum could discuss my birthday present. You see, Mrs Silvan made vintage jewellery too but as there was already a jewellery stall within the market you cant have two of the same businesses. However, I had always loved Mrs Silvans jewellery craft far more than the other stall. I guess my Mum had noticed this and wanted to buy something extra special this year. 

Mrs Silvan still refused to take any sort of payment from my Mum. This was just the sort of woman she was towards my family but in general she was admired around the village. My Mum said her goodbyes to Mrs Silvan who said in return I hope things get easier at home, I know it will take time. She was obviously talking about the apparent relationship issues. My Mum looked at her with another shallow smile and said Thank you so much. 
We made our way back to the car and got inside. My Mum put the flowers and the white box on the front passenger seat and I was sitting in the back. She didnt even attempt to hide them even though shed obviously knew Id seen them whilst walking back to the car. 

She sat there for a second staring out the front window, picked up the flowers and took in the scent. Im not quite sure what type of flowers they were but they were beautiful, so colourful. They were those rainbow dyed flowers. 

These are for you Alison she said.

Thank you so much, I love them I replied.

She just smiled to herself and put them back on the passengers. I get it. The classic youre not getting any presents till your birthday but heres something early routine.

She started the car up and away we went. I noticed that quickly that we werent on our way home. I soon started to become quite excited. Maybe a surprise party?

It was no later than five minutes that the car came to a stop. My Mum got out and I followed suit. She took out the flowers and the box from the front passenger side whilst I looked on. She walked back around to the footpath. I continued to follow. I didnt say anything to her, I was too excited. We were stopped right outside the village church which was also a community centre that held various events. Mum and Dad must have gone all out this year with a big party. This would have meant the extended family were here and all my friends. 

As I followed on it began to manifest that we werent heading towards the church at all. Why were we walking through headstones?

Mum, where are we going? I asked, totally confused at this stage.

She didnt reply. I could hear sniffling, you know the sort of sniffling when you cry. 

I kept on following. Maybe we were going to pay our respects to a late family member but my Mum wasnt the sentimental type. 

I had to quickly stop as my Mum turned around and dropped to her knees with the flowers in one hand and the box in the other. She began to speak.

Why did you have to go? She cried. 

The air began to go cold. Gravity seemed to become heavier and with every word she speak reality began to pull away.

My Mum whimpered, placing the flowers and box before an ivory gravestone. It had angelic figurines carved all around it. It looked new, I was almost certain about that. The text upon it was embossed in black. The contrast of the two colours was eye-catching. It looked beautiful but at the same time the sight of it gave me the chills. There was something familiar but disheartening about it. 

Where had I seen it before?

I couldnt bring myself to read the text upon it but at the same time I couldnt refrain. The devil upon my shoulder overpowered the angel on the other. I had to read it but I shouldnt have.

Here lies Alison Silentes,
The beloved daughter of Janet and Roger Silentes.
Always to be remembered, always in our hearts

22nd February 1998  January 5th 2013

An early birthday present, I couldnt resist she laughed whilst she cried. 

If I would have been there that night, you might have survived and wed be spending your birthday together she screamed as she hit the ground below her.

Everything faded to black. I was scared. 

Memories began to hit me like a ton of bricks. 

I remembered everything. The night I died. 

The man in the clown mask and his knife. I remember the feeling of the ice cold blade inside me. I remember falling to the floor and the clown man chuckling as I began to bleed out.

The blood stained the floor. I must remember to clean it off.