
Thrust, overhead, side cut! the Warlog shouted. Josh gritted his teeth as he tried to follow the movements he commanded. Josh was a black haired teenager and probably the kingdoms youngest person ever, to have got into this intense training from the Warlog. Joshs face contained a bush of unkempt black hair, and he had light blue eyes that reminded a lot of people of his mother. He was issued today with full iron armour and a blued steel with a rough leather grip and a heavy iron rimmed oak shield. This was nearly what the swordsmen of Ekron were given to defend the kingdom. Josh hated training, but he knew he had to be tough, after drills he had to run an obstacle course, then do a 20k run then come back and lift a heavy log 50 times over his head the list seemed to last an age but then again, this was what happened every day, except today was very, VERY different. Errol, the kingdoms messenger, had stopped the Warlogs shouting and was now talking to him in a hushed and hurried voice. The Warlog turned to face Josh. King Peter wants you, he said gruffly Immediately. Josh was surprised, he had never seen the King, apart from when he was congratulated in person by him to reach the training status he was at now. Are you sure? he asked. Yes, now go! Before you have to do those drills again! the Warlog. The Warlog smiled as he watched the young adult sprint to the Kings quarters. He shook his head, They never enjoy this do they? he asked the messenger No, but I think I remember telling you that. He responded.

Josh ran up the 147 stairs to the Kings study. He knocked softly on the door, and heard the strong confident voice saying Come in. Josh had never entered the study and was amazed at how simple it was. It was a small room made nearly completely out of oak wood. The desk in the centre of the room was a round, document filled, spruce made one. It was a rich mans room but there werent many luxuries in it except the oil portrait of his father. King Peter looked up as he walked in and smiled when he saw who it was, You brought your sword I presume? he asked Yes sir Josh replied, he didnt know where this was going but he could feel the excitement in the room.  Good, good, now draw it and kneel. The King ordered. Josh complied, and the King told him You are the best warrior in the kingdom, I dare say you could defeat our best Offence soldier. This is the reason I have called for you, because you are the one who must seek out the other 3 warriors. He said,
 Sir? Josh said
The other 3 warriors are trained in 3 different weapon disciplines, when you find them, you must respect their ways, for there is a bigger enemy to face than your teammates. Last year, ShadowFang returned, and we were lucky to be saved by a school child who knew almost as much about dragons as we do. We dont think ShadowFang returning is because of coincidence, there had to be someone behind it, and we know someone who is the prime suspect for such an event. His name is Karloth, and he is the person you must question and get the truth out of. I dont care how you do it, I just need you to find him guilty or not guilty. The reason we cant do that is because not even our best warriors could stand what you are going to go through. The King now went over to the wall to the right of him and took out a piece of the oak. Behind the oak stood six swords. The King chose carefully then picked one that looked like it had been well used. But before I send you the King muttered in a low voice Youre going to have to PROVE YOUR WORTH he shouted these last words and struck on to Joshs head.
Josh only had a moments notice to bring up his sword to deflect the crushing blow, if he had his shield, perhaps it would have been easier, but this was no time for thoughts like that! The Kings next blow was coming fast. He blocked the blow but his legs gave way and he crumpled to the floor, the King wasted no time he raised the heavy long sword above his head, but with one swift movement Josh tripped King Peter and pointed the end of his sword at the Kings throat, what an inconvenient for the Warlog to enter the room. Quick GO! the King shouted. Josh only had the time to half say where? before a yellow beam shone upon him and he was standing in the exquisite study no more

What Josh saw next was strange, at first he felt a black and yellow substance engulf him, next he was standing in a forest with birds twittering and singing their songs. He imagined for a moment that he lived here, with this amazing fresh air and greenery. He thought it would be fantastic. But he remembered why he had been sent here, and started to walk in any old direction. He put his hands in his pockets to find that there were six gems in there. Well, if the King could put him in a forest, why couldnt he put jewellery in his pocket? He smiled at that thought, he wondered what the Warlog was thinking when he saw him pointing a sword at the King. THIS, made him laugh out loud. He shouldnt have let his guard down, as soon as had made the noise he heard a rustling in the bushes and then the same noise from the bush next to it, soon, he was surrounded by the noise. Next, a deadly arrow made a beeline for his head, he dodged and it hit the trunk next to him. Talk about classic he thought to himself, but he knew what it meant. Warning shot: Go away but he guessed the person who was out in these woods and nearly hit his head on a warning shot must not be as experienced as other woodland archers. So it must have been someone younger experienced maybe but younger. Ranger of the woods, show yourself and your superiors! he shouted. Seconds past, until finally a young muscular man came out into the open he had a light blonde beard and messy hair and a greenish greyish hood, he also had dark skin to match his dark eyes. Also, even if he didnt have a longbow aimed and Joshs face, Josh would have known he was an archer. Why are you here? he spoke lightly as if he hadnt used it in a very long time. I saw a yellow flash and was tracking you ever since. Repeat: Why are you here? His dark eyes gleamed as he said the last words. Before YOU start asking ME questions, why dont I ask YOU some? After all, what kind of kid stalks another kid with a lethal weapon in their hands? Hmm? Josh said
One, I dont normally answer questions, and two, Im the one here with a longbow pointing at your face, so I believe, that if I dont get my questions answered Ill have to ruin one of my favourite arrows.
Ahhhh, but thats where youre wrong. Josh drew his sword and noticed that there was a small hole on the hilt, which just happened to be the same size as the gems he found in his pocket, he put the red gem into the hole and instantly his sword was ignited with flame. But he didnt seem to feel it. The poor young archer who was now thoroughly terrified, tried to run for it. But Josh leaped and stuck the flaming sword into the soft muddy earth, as if by magic, a huge flaming circle was around the archer. The trainee archer paused, not knowing whether to shoot in a random direction or not. But the smoke was clogging his thoughts. OK, OK Ill answer your questions he managed to splutter.
Good, I thought you might comply if I heated things up a bit, Josh said Now whe-he was cut off by a sack being pulled over his head. Not the classiest way to shut someone up but nonetheless effective. The archer whose name was Erik, smirked. It wasnt the first time someone had tried to kill him, and there were many reasons to, he was envied, he was the best archer in his whole country. Bring him to the Pines he said, the man with the bag smiled. This was going to be fun.

A few minutes later the bag was taken off Joshs head. He was in a dark room, he scuffed the ground, hoping to find what the room was made out of. Wood. Of course. He was in a forest what else would the rangers make their buildings out of? He was locked to the floor, with wooden cuffs. He shouted out and someone unlocked a door. A sliver of light came in through the room. What? this voice was not unkind, maybe female? He asked a question, Where am I? And can I see the person in charge? I dont think so she said But I could ask if you like. Thank you that would be appreciated Josh replied. Later, she came back with a ranger who told him to follow him, un-cuffed him and led him down an interestingly carved hallway. It had carvings that probably told of battles won by the rangers.  He was led into a massive room filled with wooden sculptures, and gold. Why, do you wish to see me? said King Morgon I wish to know why I am in captivity your majesty. said Josh. Well you were in the forest of-the King started to speak. But Josh wasnt listening, he had seen his sword on the wall behind the King, if he could just reach it. And furthermore it is also illegal to-he was running out of time. He had to act quickly, the archers had robbed him of his weapon, but what of his gems? Yes! They were still where he left them, it was time to act. -and is punishable by death, so, are you ready to die? the King asked The one thing you dont know about kids Morgon, is that theyre never ready Once he had finished saying that he lunged for the King, and took cover behind the throne because, as soon as he had lunged, 50 arrows threatened to puncture his skull.

All arrows that had been fired either hit the throne or went a hairs length away from Joshs foot. This was going to be tough, then again, he was born tough. He decided that this red gem in the sword would burn this kingdom to the ground so took the blue one, and sprinted into battle. He did an overhead strike at one of the attackers nearest him. For some reason water came gushing out of the swords tip, but the force of the water was enough to knock him back. Josh suddenly figured out what the gems were supposed to do, he flashed back to when he was in King Peters study, surely there had been 6 swords? And didnt they each have one of the gems he had with him right now? If this was true, then this meant Josh grinned, he could control the elements. He took the blue gem out and put the black gem in.  Everything went dark, the archers couldnt see the target, and they didnt shoot in fear of hitting each other. They were so fired.

Josh ran down the hallway, trying to find an exit. When he crashed into the same person he had met in the woods. Tell me the truth, are you the best archer in this kingdom? he asked Of course, I am, Im in the highest discipline in my year group! the young archer smirked as if what he said was an obvious fact. Show me where the exit is now! Oh, and you have to come with me. WHAT? the archer yelled. Show the prisoner to escape and leave with him? No way! YES WAY! screamed Josh as he heard many sets of feet sprinting down the hall. Now hurry up or Ill use you as a human shield! This changed the archers mind. Surprisingly enough he didnt want to get his face pierced with arrows from expert archers. This way the young ranger said. As he glided off in a direction down the hall. Josh followed. They soon came to the castle gates where sentries of the castle turrets were stationed. KILL THE ARMOURED ONE the sentry yelled, the archer knew he was in danger as well as the swordsman. But there was nothing he could do. But as the arrows came down, he was engulfed in a black yellow light. And he saw no more.

Back at Ekron, the Warlog was watching surveillance carefully, That was a close one he thought, the boy had nearly got himself killed! At least he had been there to emergency teleport him. After all, he had gotten the bloody archer out in the open, why had he waited? The King entered How is our boy doing? he asked Well enough the Warlog replied. He was watching carefully. What was Josh doing? It looked like he was having a shouting match with the archer Erik. After the King had told him not to. He shook his head and smiled. If you have 2 boys about to get killed afterwards theyre bound to blame somebody he wondered if he should teleport to them just to tell them off. But he knew better. They were doing fine. Now he had to watch farmers digging up carrots again, he was the Warlog, he shouldnt be doing this. But the King had made him promise He now watched with interest as a farmer dug up a huge slug

WHY DID YOU DO THAT!!!?Erik screamed WE WERE BOTH GOING TO DIE! AND BESIDES I DIDNT DO IT! Josh screeched, Erik composed himself. Look I dont care, all I want to know now is where the hell we are? Im not sure but I think if I looked at a map Id see these cliffs, and the mages guild on top of them. Josh said also calming down. Ok, but whats the point in that? Why do we need to be near them? Josh had now realised that he hadnt told him what the mission was. And he didnt even know this persons name. Ill tell you but first, hi my names Josh from the kingdom of Ekron, whats yours? Erik, the best flamin archer in Osakron, nice to meet you. Both boys laughed How old are you? Josh asked. This went on for around ten minutes, until a horn sounded. What was that? said Erik his head spinning in the direction of the noise. But since it was behind him he cricked his neck. ARGH GOD he yelled, Josh laughed Lets go check it out instead of breaking our bones. He said still sniggering. Erik followed Josh up a 45o slope. After an hour of walking both boys had to retire. Got any food? Josh asked, Erik laughed, You remember when you met me in the woods? he asked well, I was hunting before I heard you, I thought you were a deer! both boys burst out laughing. Anyway, I have a few rabbits Nice! said Josh. Both boys helped to make a fire to cook the food on, and after a few minutes of gorging themselves. A strange whit blast struck to their left. Erik looked at Josh, You ready? he asked Lets do this! said Josh. Erik put some of the embers from the fire on to one of his arrows. He shot the flaming arrow and a streak of orange went into the sky. Immediately over 70 blue lights connected with the arrow and it disappeared. Uh, oh said both boys in unison. They sprinted up the slope and drew their weapons. They faced 50 hooded figures. Ummmm, hi? said Josh Open fire muttered a voice, DUCK! said Erik and they both dived to rocks for shelter against the lethal blasts. WHAT DO WE DO NOW? Erik yelled over the repeating blasts from the mages. FIGHT yelled Erik. They got from their shelter and ran towards the mages...THUNK 

Ahhhh, youre conscious, finally. Erik woke groggily and sat up. Who was this guy, to comment on when he gets up in the morning? He went to turn on the lamp, but then realised he was in a cell with an old man blocking the doorway. He and Josh could take him. Then looked around, where was Josh? I will ask once, where is my partner? Erik said. HA! You really think we would put you in a cell with a man who could break down a door? Of course not, but never mind hes locked away quite safely I assure you the mage said. Erik gritted his teeth, without his bow he was powerless. But this man he was torture in his own special way, and if thats the case he needs a special way of dying. But while he was talking, Erik had time to think Where am I? he asked.

GET UP yelled a voice. Josh woke with a start. YES SIR he yelled back SORRY SIR he went to jump out of his bunk when he looked and saw he was chained against a wall. Again. ARGH! he yelled Not again! Josh was not the kind of person who wanted to be chained to a wall all day. Josh was a man of action, and he was going to perform an action to escape ERIC! he shouted Hes dead, said the voice Youre on your own. This comment made Josh panic. The man spoke again And guess what? Its your fault. We know all about your pointless little mission because of this he held up a small vile filled with a liquid that looked exactly like water. Look if you dont tell me where Eric is Ill He paused, he didnt know what he would he would do, what if this man was telling the turuth and he was dead? Youll what? the voice scoffed. Ill blow up this entire operation! he yelled, that sounded like a suitable punishment, even if he died doing it. Id like to see you tr-ACK the voice was cut off, the man dropped, an arrow in the back of his head. Out of the shadows , Eric appeared. Thank god youre alive began Josh but Erik cut him off. Come on, if were going to find this Amazing Mage were going to have to move fast. They probably already know Ive escaped, come on! The boys sprinted down the north corridor and they were about to go through a cross of the corridor when Erick heard footsteps and pulled Josh into a side path. Dude get in here they opened the door at the end of the side path. They saw a young mage studying at a desk next to his bed Hello, I thought youd eventually find me, I believe youre trying to escape but youre going to need these. OUR WEAPONS! Josh yelled Howd you get them? And whats with the glow? Imay have modified them a bit, and as for how I got them, I simply asked. My race are quite reasonable people, maybe you should have told them why you were here? They tried to kill us before we got the chance Oh, Im so sorry, lets go, we still have to find the assassin. But Im guessing your teleporter is ready isnt it Warlog of Ekron? Actually I cant use it until youre out of the kingdom. Said a voice coming out of Joshs back Ok, Warlog, why did you stick a tracker on my back!? said Josh Sorry Josh, but you kind of needed a teleporter, just find that assassin and dont talk to me again. Not even telepathically you sneaky mage. Sorry, sir said the mage grinning. OK guys lets go The teenage mage opened a portal and he walked through, Josh and Erick followed. They came out outside the kingdom. Instantly they were teleported.

A wasteland stood before them, a small town wasnt very far away. Perhaps he lives there? suggested the mage Oh, and where ARE my manners my name is Kalzar, but you can call me Kal. Scholar in Gortrom training and the best mage in Shatrom. What are yours? The others quickly explained, and they set a course for the village in the wasteland. They were passing a few barrel fires when they saw something. A drunken man was accusing another about stealing his wife and his money. Soon, the tramps were all fists, but a hooded figure came in between them and spoke in a hushed voice, because of this, none of them could hear him. Whatever the mysterious person said seemed to make them angrier. The stranger shrugged, and readied for battle. One of the men threw a punch. FLASH! CHOP! Before you could blink the man found himself with no hand, and dropped to his knees, yelling out for forgiveness. The hooded person regarded the man with a look of disgust, then ended the poor mans life with a quick flash of steel. After this sorry event, he then threw his arms out and yelled out for other tramps to back off. None spoke, no one moved. The person told them once more to move away. They all shifted back. This man must be incredibly powerful thought Josh.
 I know right? He or she must be very good with their weapon of choice said Kalzar. 
How did you know what I was thinking? said Josh
 As the Warlog said No using telepathy that means reading thoughts or sending thoughts said Kalzar 
Ok got it said Josh exasperatedly. The small group approached the figure, What do you want with me? I tried to break up the fight, not chop off a hand; one thing led to another and then this happened he gestured to the bleeding body of the dead man on the ground, but oddly enough, the voice sounded female. How could that be? Take off that hood now! Josh ordered
 No. 
NOW! said Josh with more force. To add effect, he let his hand drift towards his sword hilt. The person slowly took off the hood, long curled brown hair was draped down the figures back. Her cold grey eyes seemed to bore into yours. I thought so said Eric, only a woman could move so fast with a blade. A man would be slower.
 Very true said Kalzar. A brief flicker of confusion flickered across his face, then he said, But why is he here of all places? Where did he train?
The woman stayed silent but looked sad when Kalzar said this.
 You know, we were looking for a certain rogue to join out group, and you seem to fit the description said Josh I know you are already considering refusing our offer, but thinkfor a moment. On one hand, you could save the world and be a hero. On the other, you could stay in a wasteland where the only entertainment is chopping off peoples hands and then killing them. Choose wisely 
 The woman stayed silent for a few moments then said Fine
 Then lets move! said Josh. And they were teleported once more

What awaited them there was 40oC heat and a mountain with an attitude.
A volcano? said Eric Why?
 I didnt agree to this! What have you done? Where are we? said the rogue. 
Maybe I didnt explain things well to you, Rogue, but this is how we travel around here, get used to it fast, or head back.
She might not be used to teleporting, Josh,  and why should she? said Kalzar very defensive all of a sudden.
Kalzar, were on a mission to save the world from a giant dragon that could kill us at any moment, we cant afford any distractions like a silly girl, whos good with a knife giving me attitude!
Said Josh, suddenly angry, he opened his mouth to speak again but Kalzar cut him off.
 You cant expect everyone to be able to teleport! he said, You should know better than to criticise our team members!
 OK, we wont teleport in future, is that better? said Josh, sarcastically. Kalzar gave him a dark look, and then raised his staff slowly
Ok! Ok! Fine! Im sorry! Are you happy now? said Josh hurriedly taking a step back. Mages werent the kind of people you wanted to get angry.
 Yes, that sounds much better said Kalzar with a voice that was lined with forced calm.   He then nodded, dusted himself off and proceeded to cure the rogue.
 What do you thinks wrong with him? Eric asked Josh I dont know I just hope he gets over it Josh whispered back. After five minutes had past, the girl looked much better. Kalzar walked over to Josh and Eric Shell be fine he shot an angry glance at Josh And I asked her name, its Arkon. Lets keep going. He then walked off with the newest member of the group, towards the volcano. But Josh noticed something about the way Kalzar was speaking and then realization dawned in his eyes as he figured out what was going on. Eric! Josh whispered
 What is it? Eric whispered back.
I think Kalzar just fell in  love

The small group walked over to the volcano, because, they felt that that was the one place a dragon holder would locate his base. Its warm, nice lava to bathe in. It was practically a 5 star hotel for dragons. Josh told everyone to stay quiet as he had found an entrance to the volcano. They walked down it cautiously. But as Eric walked around a corner, he whipped his head back straight away. Too late. They heard a yell from the room Eric looked in. 50 or more soldiers came out with dragon hide armour, and steel swords and axes. The small group charged. Arkon, faster than the rest, had already taken down 6 soldiers before Eric had aimed his bow! Josh followed her, in the background, Eric and Kalzar were combining the uses of their skills. But for what? Josh thought. Suddenly, an axe came arching towards his shoulder, he cleared his head. He was in battle! No time for thinking about two other people, just defend yourself and fight!
 Arkon was an expert with the dagger; she weaved through the soldiers with ease. And with each one she stuck a small knife in their armour. Soldier after soldier fell. Until at least ten of them, had pinned down Arkon. Josh looked back, bad choice. He was instantly overwhelmed by twenty or so soldiers. Kalzar screamed a war cry; he had completely gone out of control. Above his head both of his hands were poised, and a massive fireball appeared in between them. He threw it like a bowling ball and yelled in triumph as it decimated the majority of the dragon soldiers. Eric shot next. Josh now knew what they were doing before. He shot and it looked like a white missile hit the centre of the soldiers group. BOOM! The single arrow had cleared the hall way of soldiers. Nice work! said Josh. Kalzar was already sprinting down to see if Arkon was ok. It turned out she was fine. Even after duelling 20 warriors at a time. After Arkon had gathered her supply of daggers. They searched the room the soldiers had been in. Two baby fire drakes slept by the fire, unaware of what had just happened. They were so cute and innocent. Eric wanted to sit down and pet them, but Josh pulled him aside. We have no time for this! He whispered hoarsely. Other than there being titan like creatures in the room, it just looked like a company lounge. I say we move on said Eric.

They passed many rooms. But they searched them all. What made Josh nervous was that, they hadnt encountered anything out of the ordinary yet. Why havent we found anything yet? Josh asked.Its the perfect hiding plan. Make the searchers bored, so they wont check every single room. Were sure to find something if we keep going. Said Kalzar, who was now holding Arkons hand. Arkon smiled at him. They were getting along really well. Eric yelled when he saw what was in the next room, thinking there were attackers, Josh rushed to his aid. But there was nothing, nothing except tanks with tubes coming out of them? Josh went closer. The glass on the tubes were all fogged up. He wiped the glass with his hand and saw a half dragon, half human face. AGH! yelled Josh appalled by what he had just seen. Kalzar and Arkon ran into the room. Arkon screamed when she saw the face, then covered her mouth. The noise echoed around the whole chamber. Metal crashed to the ground in the distance, someone had obviously dropped his or her weapon in another room. Quiet whispered Josh. He crept into the hallway to scout and saw soldiers running towards their position. He went to duck back in but the arrow hit him first.
His last moments were brief, by then, the group had reached the centre of the volcano base, and there was a clear view of the stars. So this is what it felt like dying he was vaguely aware of a sharp pain in his heart. But then it subsided, he hoped his friends would forgive him for the mistakes he had made Elysium awaited.


NO! shouted Eric KALZAR HEAL HIM Theres no time Kalzar whisper. There were tears running down Erics face silently, and he realized he had fallen to his knees. He got up, with an unreal calm, he went into the hallway and picked up Joshs blood splattered sword. Eric regarded it for a moment, then said, Go Kalzar, you too Arkon, you dont want to see this. he said. Kalzar and Arkon watched him though, as he charged at the offending warriors like a raging bull.  He knocked them over like bowling pins being hit with a bowling ball. Erics speed and power were unbelievable. He had cleared the hallway of solders in less than 3 minutes! Kalzar blew a hole in the roof of the hallway, Eric placed Joshs sword on his body and fired a flaming arrow into the beautiful but unforgiving night sky.

The group with one less man moved on grimly. Soon they had reached the end of the hallway. And at the end. There was a massive chamber that was hotter than it should have been. Then they all realised that this must be the centre of the volcano. It was filled with the jewels of the volcano, and in the centre of the jewellery a massive dark dragon was sleeping. Meet Osion, the last darkness dragon left in the world.Hinted down for centuries by the human race. And soon will be extinct, but I will let him have one more victory. ON YOU! The voice came out of nowhere, but at the last words, the dragon slowly got out of the gold and gems. It let out a piercing ROAR!!! The giant creature reared on to its hind legs and let go a massive wave of fire. Kalzar raised his staff and pointed it at the fire. A blue shield resisted most of the burning heat but some of it went past and caused minor burns to Eric. When the dragon saw most of the group was unharmed, it lashed out and scratched Eric, knocking him to one side, after that he slumped against the wall with black blood slowly dripping out of his body. Arkon had 2 daggers in her hand as she leaped up and brought down the daggers with amazing speed. No effect. The daggers just bent. Kalzar hurled a white hot ball of fire at the mighty dragons eye. Massive impact, the dragon was blown backwards. I know how to beat it Kalzar said.

Kalzar quickly explained the facts to Arkon before the dragon shook itself and went towards Kalzar NOW! he yelled. Arkon jumped on to the dragons back and ran to the back of its head. She stuck daggers into both eyes of the dragon, and it screamed. No, I mean it SCREEAMED! So loudly that it nearly brought Kalzar to his knees, but he got up and threw the biggest fireball he had ever conjured into the dragons stomach. The dangerous creature was thrown backwards, still and unmoving. Stunned but not dead. Well finish him later, said Kalzar right now I need to see Eric Arkon who had completely forgotten about Eric, had a surprised look on her face. Then she ran with Kalzar to heal him. Eric wasnt unconscious but he simply sat there, his eyes were black and the gashes on his torso were huge. Way too big for me to cure muttered Kalzar, then he looked up and said to Arkon. Josh. He sprinted down the hallway to Joshs still corpse. Warlog! Yes? I cant see anything! The Warlog, as some of you may have forgotten was still connected with Josh. Josh is dead sir, and Eric is going to die we need all of you best healers and warriors to the volcano now! said Kalzar OK...The Warlog said. He was still a bit shocked from the news of Joshs death. Ill get them there right away. Next they head a crash. Theyd forgot about the dragon. They went back to the centre, and saw it wasnt the dragon wrecking the place it was Erik. He was hacking away at the dragon with the blunt daggers from Arkons failed attack on the mighty beast. The dragon was dead, but Eric was out of control. When he had finished he lunged at Kalzar with the bent daggers. Kalzar dodged it, he didnt want to hurt Eric, and this was going to be tricky. Pin him down! said Arkon, Kalzar was just about to say that and he smiled. Fine, Ill do it! said Arkons exasperated voice. Oh, sorry! said Kalzar. Eric struggled and tried to strangle Arkon as she pinned him down. ERIC, I know youre probably still angry at Joshs death but you have to stop! shouted Arkon. Keep him there Arkon, Ill get help! said Kalzar, he didnt tell her what he was actually doing because he knew shed come with him. Once more he went to Joshs body and took the white gem.

What Kalzar heard next was relieving and terrifying, first relieved, then terrified. He heard footsteps of over 30 men, he thought they were dragon soldiers, but they were Ekrons greatest healers and warriors. He was first gratified towards them. Then realised that when they saw Eric, they would kill him Uh, oh he said quietly. He waved to them, he heard shout, then metal on metal as a sudden wave of dragon soldiers came out of the passage ways. Good, that would buy him some time. He snatched up the gem and hurried to where Arkon was still holding down Eric. Release him Arkon! he shouted. He put them gem into the hole in his staff and aimed a shot at Erics flailing body. A concentrated beam of white light struck the gashes on Erics body. The black blood slowly turned to red, but after that, Eric fainted. At that moment the warriors of Ekron came into the room. What the blazes happened here? said one of them looking at the dragon. Kalzar looked at Arkon Its a long story they said in unison.

Epilogue
5 years later
Does this dress look too big on me? asked Arkon to Eric, Nah it looks perfect, besides you dont have much time to change, its your day, go on! he pushed her into the massive room in the centre of the Kingdom of Shatrom. Kalzar was already standing at the end of the walkway, very formal. Simple suit and tie. No longer a teenager, sitting and studying in his mage robes, but a man, getting married to her, Arkon. She couldnt have been happier, they had only met 5 years ago fighting for their lives against a large dragon. Afterwards, Kalzar had shyly asked her if she was doing anything later. She smiled as she remembered. They were so young back then, and now they were getting married. She stood next to Kalzar on the stage. Kalzar looked at his soon to be wife. He knew he had made the right choice, he loved her, but at what cost? He wouldnt be able to fight any longer. He would have to be tough. Maybe he would fight again one day. But that had to wait, once they were married he had a family to raise. He wondered if he should tell Arkon about this, but thought better of it. This was her day, after all. The priest began to speak. Neither of the couple were listening they only had eyes for each other. Eric, of course was Kalzars best man. Tears ran down his cheeks silently as the couple got married. He was so happy for them, he still couldnt talk about Josh though, and the pain still hurt him. The priest stopped talking and the happy couple were married. Everyone clapped. After the ceremony, Kalzar explained his worries to Arkon. She laughed, Dont you worry, Ill let you save the world if it needs you she had said, and Kalzar could not have been happier. All three of the best fighters in the world lived happily, ever, after.
