I went on a walk last night.  I took some weed with me incidentally.  I feel that in smaller amounts it can often open my mind to new types of thoughts.  

	I had asked my parents politely if I could go (just to slip out without any friction.) But my mother didnt want me to leave. She said she was worried about drunk drivers or something (it was about 10:30).  My dad offered to go with me, but seeing as I had weed in my pocket that I intended to use I declined.  Finally I went downstairs, grabbed my phone and a pair of earbuds, headed back up the stairs and out the side door.  (which is right at the top of the stairs before the room that my parents were sitting in.)

	As I walked out the door and down my driveway I put in my earbuds and turned on the album Kid A by Radiohead.  I have a very special connection to Radiohead, and especially Kid A as it has helped me through difficult times however cliche that sounds.  There is something so profound about their depressing mathematical vibes I just connect with so much.  It is difficult to quantify my love for them.

I was walking to a park that was several blocks away. This was the first time I had ever gone on a walk while listening to music which I found especially surprising. I was frustrated because the crappy apple earbuds kept falling out of my ears mostly, and I had to keep readjusting them throughout the night.  I wanted to smoke, but I also had enough patience to wait until I got there.  I dont remember thinking about much on the way there.  Just about how trippy the music was when combined with the dark Missoula urban environment.  

When I got to the park there was a small bridge that went across an irrigation ditch.  The title song Kid A was playing, and I saw a couple people sitting around what looked like a strip of LEDs that were changing color constantly.  I thought it might have been a speaker or something so I took out my earbuds to see if it was.  But I couldnt hear anything so I decided it was probably just a decoration of some sort.  I put one of my earbuds back in and finished crossing the bridge.  The spot where I was planning to smoke was now in the line of sight of the people, so I veered left instead of right and went down into the (empty) ditch.  I saw a tree growing in the bank that looked like it would cover me from the peoples sight.  I started to move towards it, but then the end of a small branch stabbed me in the eye, which was quite painful I might add.

As soon as I recovered from the eye injury, I pulled out my classy rasta colored glass spoon pipe, and began to toke up. I had only packed a small bowl with a little keif just to get me stoned enough to provoke some interesting thought.  I dont remember much for a few minutes after I smoked. (Could be because of lack of oxygen or something, but it usually happens to me.) I began walking back to my house on the same route that I came.  Near the end of a long road leading up to the park I saw another person walking while listening to music.  I wondered why they were out there.  And if they were in a situation at all similar to mine.  But the thought quickly left me.  

About a block after that I began to go into some deep thought.  I began to think about how I had no spiritual bindings to any religious establishment.  I dont believe in any deities, and I never have.  I began to realize that because of this I had sort of assigned the importance one would to religion unto my own life, and life events.  I realized that I had essentially created a religion of me-ism.  I thought back on my life and reflected that this was always slightly prevalent in my life, but never to the degree that it was at that point.  I didnt dislike that idea, so I began thinking about its implications more and more.

At that time in my life I had just begun going out with a very smart, and cute girl whod been pressuring me to do so for some time.  This was especially terrifying to me since Id never been in a physical relationship before.  Not to say I wasnt experienced with the emotional connection part.  I dated this danish girl over the internet for about 6 good months. and cheated on her near the beginning with another girl who just wanted to have some fun.  Id had a few hypothetical sexual situations with both of these girls.  So I knew how some things worked, but at the same time I had never kissed or touched anyone. 

Everything began to come together as I realized that I was my own deity.  But incidentally I also realized that I didnt have to be my only god.  I know this might sound a bit crazy, but I began to think that I could make my friends and partners essentially gods and goddesses as well.  (Not really important, but I am bisexual.)

It is at this point that I should tell you that I have experimented with psychedelics.  Namely lsd.  So naturally (at least for me) this type of thought really wasnt unusual.  I had only tripped once at that point, but I had tripped hard.  I was able to see myself, and things that I had done from an outsider's perspective, (an out of body experience if you will) and I think that that was when I began to think of myself in a religious way; when I realized what my mind was actually capable of.  In retrospect the trip just changed greatly how I thought of the universe in general, not just how I thought of myself.

After this realization I began to realize more (I know Im using the word realize a lot, but I feel it best describes what I was doing.)  I needed to treat these people as gods/goddesses.  E.g. with respect, generosity, etc. 

This entire thought process had opened up my mind to a point that I think I had never been while even close to that sober. Granted I had done two dabs earlier that day, and then taken a couple naps that totaled about two hours.  (I assume that those circumstances are at least somewhat unusual.)  The way I was feeling was what I considered later to be a high, and a very unique one at that.  

About a block later I reached the street before the one that I would turn down to get to my house.  At this point the song How to Disappear Completely was playing through my earbuds, and the insane feeling that I had became more and more amplified. I decided to turn down that street instead just so I could stay out a little longer to continue feeling what I was feeling.  About a block after that I looked far down the street and saw a stoplight in the distance.  I thought something along the lines of I could go to that if I wanted to, but I probably wont do that knowing myself.

I came to a more lit up portion of the street, and started to hallucinate people in the distant darkness.  The song Treefingers began to play.  It is an instrumental song that has elements of dissonance, and no apparent tempo.  This made me start to freak out a little bit.  The nature of the universe was starting to make me want to cry.  It was at this point I began to feel very apathetic and empowered about my life.  Not much thought happened on that street.  But since I had not planned to turn back onto any particular street, I just continued as I had sort of planned to go to the stoplight.  It began to draw closer in an impossible way I cannot describe effectively.  when I began to draw near to the street, I saw a couple police cruisers drive past.  I usually am very paranoid, so I was later surprised when I wasnt affected by this at all. 

The street approached.  I finally reached the corner, stopped for a couple seconds, turned around, and a few feet later crossed the street to the starboard (right not correct) side.  I began to notice how my shadow acted in relation to the depth of the thing it was cast upon.  Something so basic, but yet so intense in the moment.  A few blocks later I recognized the simple mundaneness of the universe, but still remained fascinated by it. I understood that existentialism is my basic form, and that I must embrace it.  

On my way back, there were a couple cars going down perpendicular streets that wouldve probably stopped for me, but I always turned around and stood still.  Waited for them to leave my area, and then crossed.  Finally when I was nearing my home, the second to last song Motion Picture Soundtrack was playing.  I couldve stayed out for a little longer, but I decided just to go inside.

When I got back, I talked with my parents for a couple minutes.  I had stayed out later than I told them I was going to in the first place. Afterwards I went downstairs and finished listening to Kid A.  All I had left was about half of Motion Picture Soundtrack, and Untitled.  I sat on my bed against a chair pillow. After I finished the album, I remember just sitting there for a while. I dont recall how long. 

The rest of the night is kind of a blur.  I know that I smoked another small bowl, listened to the entirety of OK COmputer, and at one point decided I should take my contacts out as a sort of me-ist thing where I could see the universe how I should without vision correction.  Also I planned on going to sleep eventually.  After I got done with OK COmputer I pondered whether I should put on some good old Portishead trip-hop, or I should continue on my earlier Radiohead binge.  I decided to go with Radiohead (again) and put on amnesiac.  I was fully laying down with my phone charging when I started the album.  I started to drift out of tangible consciousness. I remember being able to recognize the songs and listen to them very well while yet still being pretty much asleep.  At one point I remember the song Pulk/Pull Revolving Doors coming on, and I began counting how many measures the drum phrase was.  (10 by the way. Id done it before.)  After that my memory is gone.  I dont remember any more songs, nor do I remember turning the music off, and trying to go to sleep. 

In retrospect the whole night was a very good experience.  Today I began realizing that maybe its because of these very self centered psychological voyages I set out on that I essentially worship myself.  I know that I cant have another experience similar to that for another long while.  I could try, but I dont think it would be the same (although I have no way of knowing unless I do try again.)  Like the acid trip, I believe that this was yet another unmatchable experience.  I am sad I can never do it for the first time again.  But I know that since I am only 15 my thought processes will definitely change greatly in the coming years.  I am excited to mature, and in a way I am excited to look back on myself now, and shun him like I have done so much throughout my life.
