2 things: 1) I went with Speculative Fiction because I didn't really know what else to call it. It might be Horror as well, or Fantasy.
2) The title is referring to the four humors, not being funny.


John Belville died.

When he woke up, he was cold. Really cold. At first he thought he was buried alive, and in a way he was. His spirit had entered the lower level of the afterlife. He was covered in snow, and he was naked.

He dug himself out and looked around. He was shivering as he looked for the source of yellow light. The cold was getting worse. He ran. He didnt know where he was, but he knew he needed to escape it.

As the cold became more bitter, John felt himself caring less and less about his escape. Others seemed perfectly fine just sitting in the dark yellow snow. He snapped out of it when he saw another resident of this world snap a finger off, gnaw at it, then toss it. He ran.

Eventually he found a wall and a ladder going up. Someone was coming down. Fast, and not on the ladder. John moved to dodge the falling body. He started to climb.

It took him hours, and he nearly lost his grip on several occasions, but he made it. This was a new world. Warming, though with a chilly breeze. John needed clothing.

The light here was blue, and so, it seemed, was the mood. There were trees, but the leaves were dying and falling off. The sound of crunching from the people walking could be heard everywhere. Someone helped him up and gave him a coat.

What is going on here? John asked the helpful stranger.

The man sadly looked up at him. Why, we are dead, sir. He shuffled on his way, looking depressed.

As he traveled this world, Johns apathy gave way to sadness. He was dead. He couldnt think of a good reason to fight it. No one came back from that. But the world he was in was depressing, and he wanted out, so he looked for a way out.

When he came across the next ladder out, he despaired at the height of it. It reminded him of the last one and the number of times he nearly died on it. Then he remembered he was already dead. So he climbed up this one.

The next world was green and hot. He pulled himself up and was nearly punched back down. We dont need nobody else coming here, the assailant said. He went for another punch, and John managed to catch him and toss him over. That immediately got him riled up.

Everyone here was agitated. Fights often broke out. John figured it was best to use that anger to push to the next world. It was his best chance of beating death.

When he found the ladder, there were several people fighting over who should go. John waited until they beat each other unconscious, then climbed over them and scrambled up to get away from that angry place.

This next world was peaceful. There were people playing and talking and generally enjoying themselves. The scene was tinted red by the same mysterious light source that tinted the other worlds. But it was nice. It felt like a new start.

Feeling good for the first time since he woke up, John looked for the ladder. People were friendly. They were helpful, laughing as they gave him directions. He wondered why more people didnt come back from the dead. Why no one, came back from the dead.

When he got to the ladder, John started to climb. As he did, he lost that good feeling along the way. Then he remembered the life he was going back to. It wasnt a bad life, but that last world was good. It was better. People always felt good there. It was, in fact, heaven.

John realized why no one came back. Its because in order to do so, you would have to give up perfection to do so. A world you would have to fight your way through three torturous worlds to get to, only to have to do it again when it would have been far simpler to stay the first time. He decided that if he was dead, it was his time to go anyway.

John Belville climbed back down.


Any feedback will be helpful and appreciated. Thanks.