This is my first short story on this subreddit. I had been thinking about it for some time, and decided to put it down.

---

The wind whistled in the air as Damian slowly padded through the grass. He had finished his work on the farm, and had decided to visit the ruins of the city while he had some spare time. The new year was coming up, it was about to become the year 228 AF (After the Fall), and the village had been setting up decorations.

After a few more steps, he found what he was looking for, the road. It was made of some kind of strange, dark stone, but seemed to have been laid in one piece. Of course, it had cracked and broken up with age, but it didn't look anything like the cobble paths back at the village. The other strange thing he couldn't help but notice about it was its size. The street seemed to be almost 30 metres wide, but what would warrant building such a wide road was beyond him. Anyway, there was very little known about the ancient people, better to ask older people back home.

Walking for another couple of miles, he finally arrived at the great city. It had been deserted for at least a century, but the ruined remains of giant stone buildings stood over the decades. As he stared over the horizon, he could see great metal cages, with what seemed to be some pieces of glass still clinging on to the structure. These towers were unlike anything he had ever seen before, the tallest over 100 metres high. They had since become ruined with age, and it was anyone's guess what they would have looked like before the Fall. As well as this, he saw many metal signs along the great streets, but they were written in some archaic form of English, and much of the paint had worn off over the years. They were now almost impossible to read.

However, an unusual thing Damian noticed was that, as he stood on the roof of a taller building, the closer to the centre of the city he looked, the less there seemed to be left of it. Right in the centre, the ground seemed to be completely flat. Further away from that, there was nothing left but what seemed to be charred (very strange, he thought to himself) rubble, and on the outskirts the buildings were in much better shape.

He suddenly thought back to the story he had been told by the village elders as a child.

"Long ago, before the Fall, the were great civilisations, cities of different cultures were spread all across the world. Their scientific knowledge and technology was unimaginable. They had mechanical flying machines, could send messages to other lands thousands of miles away in seconds, and could travel to explore the Moon. However, they grew greedy, evil and decadent. The gods decided they had to go. "Turn them on each other, let them fight amongst themselves" said the god of war, and it was so. The people of all the great cities, who had exchanged ideas and wealth for so long, grew hateful and despised each other. They turned their great technological knowledge into weapons, and fire rained from the sky onto the cities. Millions of people burned in the eternal flames of war, millions of houses were turned to rubble. Many that survived the Fall fell victim to a great plague, and their children and grandchildren were often born with abnormalities of all kinds. However, the god king saved a few chosen people, as they were not wicked, and guided them to survival. We are descended from the chosen people, and the cities of the old empires still stand in the form of ruins to this day."

It was starting to get dark, and his village was many miles away from here, so Damian picked up his sack to leave. He took one look at the great city behind him, thinking of the thousands of people that must have lived inside these great brick houses, and began his journey home.