 A man awoke from his slumber dazed and confused as night befell on the woods deeming with desolation. Gazing around the man was unable to find any signs of other people or any animals. With the belief and hope that he was not alone, the man began to walk in one direction. The man walked for a few hours all the while not once did he cross paths with anyone or anything. As the man stopped to rest, it quickly became apparent that he was forsaken to live out his life alone. Once more the man began to walked only being held together by the small ounce of hope he still had. As time persist the walk slowly turned into a jog, then into a run. Unable to contain his emotions no longer, the mans vision began to be clouded as a cascade of despair appeared. Still the man ran, only to be tripped by a log placed by the woods. 
Sobbing from the twisted floor, the man was unable to bring himself together to continue. After a few minutes the man looked up and saw a deer gazing down on him. The man stared back unable to get his thoughts together. The deer finally turned around and began to walk away from the man. Not wanting the deer to leave, the man regained his composure and shouted at the deer to wait. The deer comply and waited for the mans response. With nowhere to go, the man asked the deer if he knew where to go and if it was possible for it to lead him there. The deer nodded and began to walk in the same direction it was already headed. Confused on whether the deer understood, the man followed for the fear of being alone once more lingered inside him. 
Time passed and the deer continued to walk. The man began to worry if the deer actually knew where he was going. Soon the sound of water thrashing around appeared. As they continue the sound of the water began to get louder and louder. But the was not thrashing, instead it was crashing. A river appeared in front of them, the other side only being accessible by a wooden suspension bridge. The man asked the deer if he would find what he was looking for on the other side. Once more the deer nodded and led the man to the entrance of the bridge. The deer went behind the man and nudged him to go across the river first. With no second thoughts the man cross the bridge knowing that the deer would be right behind him. Finally reaching the other the man turned around only to see that the deer was no longer with him. Crossing the bridge once again the man ran to search the surrounding area for his new friend. Unable to find the deer, the man returned to the other side of the river and found himself sitting under a tree holding his legs together for comfort. A low sound of weeping began to fill the air of the forest for the man was alone again. As dawn approached the man allowed his head to be raised. In doing so the man realized that the deer was never real. With this realization the man got up and walked with the sun rising behind him.
