As I walked through a dark forest on my path to enlightenment I passed a small animal not much higher, though not much shorter than an averaged sized tabby cat. 
God WILLIN I am un inno'cent maaan! he screamed in what seemed to be a drunken slur. He stumbled toward me as I took a puff off my cigarette. I held my hands over the small glowing burn.
What? I said. He stopped and stared at me with a vacant expression, his golden rimmed eyes as hollow as a whore on Halloween.
Saay, Cann I get wanna dose? He asked, the little finger pointing at the cigarette in my mouth. I took the pack out of my jacket and tossed it to him. He fumbled with them spilling them everywhere. Fuck, I thought, there goes five bucks. He stumbled again, stepping on most of them. Finally bending over picking up a half broken one and shoving the wrong end into his snout.
You a Billy Bumbler? I asked. He ignored me, or was to drunk to pay any attention. He just stood there motioning for something.
Ya gotta ighdda? He must of meant lighter. I reached into my other pocket and tossed it at him. He surprisingly caught it and with one hand, or paw I guess youd say. After trying to light the wrong end a few times and realizing his mistake he tossed the broken filter aside and lit the cigarette. He took a couple pulls and began coughing sporadically. Hocking up some saliva and unsuccessfully spitting it out, most of it spilling down the front of him. 
Nice. I mumbled.
Huh? Ya say sumden bud? Who da hewl are ya? He slurred. Ugh, neber mund! 
We both stood there for a few moments. His dog like body wavering back and forth on his two little hind legs. He spoke up quite suddenly, his words a bit clearer. "Never did like da taste of dese nasty-ass thangs." He hacked up another wad of saliva, this one actually making it out of his mouth and on to the ground. He tossed what remained of the cigarette and sat down on a nearby stump. He then took a big breath and motioned for me to sit down.
Just wanting to get on with my night, I impatiently sat down next to him. His enormous, brightly-lit eyes looked me up and down before he finally said, "Got any weekey?" I took a puff of my cigarette and grumbled a no. The drunk raccoon like dog probably meant whiskey and don't get me wrong. I had a flask but he didn't know that and he definitely didnt need it anyway. 
We sat in silence for another minute or two before I finally said, "You never answered my question." He looked back up at me, ears perked, 
"And wha question dat mig-" before he could reply vomit spewed from his mouth. I've seen many things, been to as twice as many places, but I've never seen a dog like raccoon the size of a tabby cat throw up like that. God the smell was awful. Hairs on the back of my neck stood at full attention. My stomach ached from breathing in the fowl stench. My face turned as green as a frog's ass on a lilly. Hot liquid erupted  from my nose and mouth as my earlier meal fell into my lap. I belched out the rest and managed to let out a weak, 
"What was that?" He sat there still dry heaving and shaking. 
"Um sorry bud." He said. "Sumtimes dat weekey get da better.." He hiccuped, "...me heh ha." He managed to chuckle a bit more and then laid his head backward on the stump and put a tiny paw on his fat, little belly. "Ah, look at dem stars!" He said. "Aint day just be..." He paused thinking for a moment. "Uhh... Beautiful! Dats tha word heh heh!" As I sat there head down, puke all down my shirt and in my lap, I managed to look up for a moment. Man oh man, where they!
I stared up at that sky for what seemed like hours.
It impeded every thought in my brain. I managed to whimper out a question.
Where am I?
Well I dun knoow Where da ya thunk ya are? He said. 
I don't really know. I said.