I looked down at my phone; Cheryls number was on the screen with a missed text symbol next to it.  Her name sent shivers down my spine.  Just seeing it written out on the screen of my phone made me want to break down in rage and sorrow, but somehow happy moments are the ones that kept creeping into my head.  This is the exact reason that rage and sadness were flowing through me.  She betrayed me.  She betrayed the trust I gave her, she betrayed the loyalty I handed her, and she betrayed the one thing Ill never forgive myself for allowing, my love for her.  Love is complicated and in all honesty I thought to be nonexistent until I met Cheryl.  She ripped my reality to shreds; she made me experience an emotion that shouldnt exist in my mind.  So for her to betray me and not even understand the gravity of what she has done is unbearable and maddening.   Things will never go back to normal in my mind because my normality has been forever changed.  The sickness of society became clearer than I ever wanted it to be.
I was on my way to a friends house to forget about life for just a night.  I wanted to escape the reality Ive trapped my mind inside.  This wont be an easy task and getting high or drunk is not going to cut it for what I need tonight.  I need to leave this planet, this dimension all together to escape her face that is trapped inside my head.  Josh has the exact substance that is the solution to my problem waiting for me at his house.  It is a fungus that will unleash my inner most untouchable thoughts, something that will change my perception of reality itself and shape me a new one for just a night.  Mushrooms are the perfect solution to a lost mind, and my mind is lost in the memory of another.  I drove the familiar roadway to my friend Joshs house, listening to music to try to escape my thoughts for a moment.  For moments of time it seemed to work as the anticipation of my forth coming trip to another reality became closer and closer with each stoplight and each new song.  I reached into the center compartment of my car at a red light and pulled out a pre packed hitter of some weed I had left from earlier in the day.  With my lucky lighter always in my pocket and ready, I pulled it out and took a relieving hit to ease the thoughts in my head and allow me to get lost in the music playing in the car.  The light turned green and I took off down the road to Joshs house.
I took a left turn into the same neighborhood Ive pulled into almost every day of my life for the past few years heading towards Joshs.  He lived in fairly nice neighborhood just before the downtown, but far enough away that no one could walk there from the bars.  It was a family friendly place, which was a little strange that we were here so much and that he lived there.  His house consisted of people smoking pot, getting drunk, and partying most the time, but no one around the house seemed to ever notice, or should I just say seemed to care.  I pulled into his driveway and parked, then impatiently decided to pull out the small bag of weed I had in my pocket and packed another one hitter to smoke before I went inside.  The relaxing sensation that the high gave me pushed me forward with my mission to forget about Cheryl and what she did to me, while she still meant so much to me.  I exhaled and watched the smoke drift to the front windshield and just float like fog in the morning air.  The familiarity of this made me smile and for a brief moment forget about my troubles.
I opened my door and got out of the car, the high feeling the two hitters gave me lowered the anxiety that was sweeping over me just a short car ride ago.  I took a deep breath and walked up to the front door of the house and a walked in.  I already knew that the laziness of Josh meant he never locked his doors so he didnt have to walk upstairs to let people in.  Just walking into his house eased my anxiety even more from the abundance of good memories that went with the environment.  As I closed the door to his house I heard I faint voice coming from the basement, yelling up the stairs.
 Is that you asshole?  
I obviously knew this was Josh; especially since it could have been anyone walking in the door and that would have been the same greeting he gave. 
 Whats up man, you get the stuff yet or do we need to go grab it still from our guy? 
 I asked him this while walking down the stairs and then began to sense the same scent that that filled my car constantly.  I got to the basement and saw Josh sitting on his couch with a blunt in his hand and red eyes staring towards the stairwell I just walked down.
 I got it already man, its right here waiting.  
Two baggies full of a brownish white colored substance sat on the table in front of the couch.  I walked up to the couch and grabbed the blunt from Josh and began to smoke.   I picked up the first bag and looked at it; there were little earthy looking stems and small dried up mushrooms inside of it.  The sight of it brought a smile to my face and an entirely new type of anxiety overtook me.  It was an anxiety of excitement and a sense of the unknown about to unfold before my eyes.
I closed my eyes and inhaled deeply, taking a large hit off of the blunt.  Holding my breath for just a moment longer than normal, I slowly let the smoke roll out of my mouth and up my face into my hair.  Then without hesitation I opened the bag of mushrooms in front of me.  With one swift hand motion I grabbed every piece in the bag and shoved it into my mouth, making sure to chew them as thoroughly as possible.  This was hard to do because they tasted like dirt and were extremely dry.  Just as soon as I swallowed every last piece in the bag I looked at Josh who was half asleep.  My stare must have snapped him out of his tired trance because his eyes opened wide and he cocked his head forward at me. 
Dude that bag was for us to split, it had a quarter ounce in it, and the other bag there was for next weekend I was just buying in bulk to plan ahead!.  
A little shocked at that statement, the only words I could come up with were Seriously? Well shit man, thought that seemed like a big bite. 
 Josh giggled in the strange way only he could do.
Youre gonna trip balls tonight man.  Josh continued to laugh and opened up the other bag on the table.  I wont let you do this alone, Ill join you.  
And to my surprise Josh ate every last piece in the second bag on the table, laughed it off and laid back down on the couch.
The night seemed like it was the perfect escape, now for even more reasons.  The sudden shock that I just ate a large amount of shrooms threw all thoughts of Cheryl far from my minds sight.  Now I was antsy waiting for the train to slam into my brain and make me lose grasp of reality.  To ease my new and rather reasonable anxiety from what I just did, I got up with the blunt in my hand and sat in the recliner chair next to the couch that Josh was lying on.  The sensation of smoking eased me for just a moment as I looked over at Josh looking at his phone.  He didnt have a single care about what going on, not even the slightest worry.  This is one of the reasons I enjoyed being around him, in a world filled with worriers, pessimists, anger,  and the depressed, he was the one thing I could look to see a subtle ease to the world.  He had no cares about the future, and the past didnt bother him.  He achieved a mind state that seemed unreachable, although he was incredibly lazy because of this.  He wasnt a deadbeat by any means; he had a job and offered to pay for things all the time just because he was generous.   His presence helped me calm down and I closed my eyes again to let the smoke roll slowly out of my mouth.
	A queasy stomach began to kick in as the onset of the trip began.  It was nothing extraordinary, just an upset stomach and my vision was beginning to become blurred.  I had a sudden rush of extremely intense anxiety, so intense in fact that I could no longer sit in the same room as another person.  I quickly stood up and stumbled a bit, Josh looked at me and said 
You feeling anything yet man? 
 I looked over, feeling that my eyes were as wide open as I could possibly put them and said, 
Yea, I have to leave this room man, Im going to go sit in the laundry room.  
Josh just laughed and said Alright.  
I quickly walked down the hallway overtaken with an intense feeling of anxiety continuing to rise more, feeling like it was bubbling up over my head like a pot of hot water.  I opened the laundry room door and walked inside closing the door behind me.  I sat on the floor and closed my eyes with my hands resting over my face.  
The feeling of anxiety began to go away and a floating light feeling replaced it.   I opened my eyes and my mouth nearly fell to the floor in shock.  I was sitting in the same position as before, but I was floating a few feet above the floor.  Not only that, but I was looking down at someone sitting next to me on floor.  I thought maybe Josh came in without me realizing it, but this didnt feel like it was someone else in the room, I felt alone.  To my surprise I looked down at the face of the person and it was me. I was floating above myself watching me sit in a cowering fetal position.  I tried to speak but no words could come out, I looked at the copy of me sitting on the floor and saw him looking at his phone, the missed text symbol was still on the phone and I felt that he was sad and scared at the same time.  
Please put the phone away, I thought, I dont want to think about her right now.  I want to just escape those thoughts and feelings forever. 
 I could hardly stand watching me stare at the phone with my fingers over the keyboard of the phone, like I want to text back but cant.  
Just as I was beginning to think I was going insane, I heard the washing machine turn on and begin to rumble back and forth.  An overwhelming urge to see what it was washing came over me.  I reached out to open the washing machine door and my vision doubled.  My body shifted to the right and I was reaching side by side with my copy on the floor.  As I touched the door our bodies became one and I opened the door.  There was a spiral galaxy spinning inside, it was beautiful and all I could do was smile.  A feeling that I havent experienced in quite a while swept over me and a tear fell from my eye.  It was happiness, but not just normal happiness.  It was true happiness and joy of the unknown.  It was comparable to the emotion Ive only once ever in my life felt, love.  
Without thinking I spoke out loud,
 Love, Ive found you again.  
That statement brought an immediate picture of Cheryl to my mind and the galaxy began to swirl into a star filled picture of her face.  Happy moments filled my thoughts and an unexplainable euphoria entered every part of my body.  My smile and euphoria quickly began to disappear, and the galaxy I was looking at was swirling into a black hole that appeared in the top right corner of the machine.  I slammed the door before it destroyed everything inside and ran to the door that led to the backyard that was at the back of the laundry room.  I couldnt lose that feeling, it felt too amazing, and I couldnt lose her again.  Then at that moment I just thought of the word I used, again, lose her again.  
Ive already lost her, love doesnt come and go.  I refuse to let go, so does this mean I have true love but she doesnt, thats insanity.  How can I experience this feeling so strongly and she keep saying back and forth that she does and doesnt. Then betray my love with giving what she had with me to another.  
Another tear fell from my eye, but this time it was a tear of pure sorrow, and my only goal was to make it leave.  I thought about what brought joy to me and I remembered that the galaxy in all its wonder brought this joy to me once without her, so maybe it can again.  I looked down at my feet and I was barefoot standing on grass that seemed to be shivering and dancing to each emotion I expressed.  They were speaking to me, but no words were used.  I felt the words creep into my head,
Live and dont lie to yourself.  
Dont lie to myself, what does that mean? 
 Look up.
 I heard this in the back of my head and I lifted my head to see me standing directly in front of an Oak Tree.  It was magnificent, beautiful, and very ominous.  It was a sign, it was warning me of something, but I couldnt figure out what.  The bark from the tree began to fall off and crawl towards me like a caterpillar and fold over my feet when they got to me.  
The tree began to speak just as the grass did and I heard a voice that wasnt spoken, 
Live and dont lie to yourself.  Look up. 
 The bark on my feet became very heavy and forced me to fall to the ground looking up into the night sky.  There were no clouds out and the stars were shining very bright.  Not only were there stars in the sky, but I could see nebulas, and supernovas.  The universe was bearing down upon me in fantastic display of its power.  It was beautiful and the feeling of sorrow began to become one with the feeling of love, joy, and happiness.  It was a feeling I have not yet ever experienced, and I was not sure how to explain it.
There were no worries with me at that moment, but I could see every worry I had in my life.  Its not that they didnt bother me; I just felt that I transcended them.  I acknowledged what they were and bowed to their power, but they had no effect on my mind.  My mind was drifting, not as a fog, not as water, but more like a gas cloud drifting endlessly in the nothingness that was our universe.  I felt nothing and it was good, I knew nothing, but everything was within reach of me.  This was a new form of happiness, I wasnt happy, but I was at the same time.  This happiness could not be gauged, because before now this emotion was unknown to me.  It was the epitome of what I am and how I got there.  I saw things clearly.  Love exists, mutual true love does not.  I love because my mind tells me I must, but that love is a lie.  This is why Cheryl did what she did.  She never loved me; she lied to herself and me.  She doesnt understand love and this causes her to be selfish, like all humanity.  Love is a lie because no one understands it.  Love doesnt die, love doesnt go with a convenience, and love is eternal because love is an unbreakable energy.  I felt this energy and it being taken from me made me feel betrayed, like depriving me of a drug I am addicted to.  No one is equal with love, and no one truly understands its meaning.  From this I know, you can never expect someone to truly love you because we are flawed as humans and cant connect on such a complex energy with equal terms.  No one will ever experience exactly what you do, and unless the experience is exactly the same it is not true love.  This new emotion was liberating and the knowledge it gave me from just being able to feel it seemed to blow outward like the stars that were going supernova above me.  I understand, I accept, but as a human I wont forgive.  The moment left me with no grief, anger, or joy; only knowledge and understanding.  We can all experience love, but it will never be true love.  Each love is one sided and short minded.  This is why betrayals with love hurt so badly.  You have it and it is ripped from you because each persons love is different and therefore painful for all who lied to themselves about it.  Its obvious, because unlike the stars in the sky, and the infinite energy of the universe, we are humans and selfish.  True love is extended to us when we view something as eternally selfless and beautiful as the universe.  Its why true happiness fell over me when I saw the galaxy and the true enlightened emotion was bestowed upon me when the universe showed me all its glory. 
The skys light show began to slow and my mind became aware of its surroundings.  A shiver dropped down my spine.  I saw my breath in the air, and realized how cold it really was outside.  I got up and almost fell back down to the ground because of how numb my bare feet were.  It didnt bother me, in fact at this moment nothing could bother me.  I had my senses back about me, reality came back, but my emotional mind state of calmness and intelligence remained.  I smiled as I stood up in the dark backyard and stumbled back into the house through the laundry room door.  I walked into the warmth of the house and saw the washing machine door cracked back open from how hard I tried to slam it shut; I walked by and closed it in amazement of what this room looked like to me just a few hours ago.  I walked back into the basement hallway and remembered that Josh was also supposed to be tripping.  Wondering how his trip went I walked into the main room in the basement where Josh always hung out smoking in.  The room was a mess; the cushions on the couch were all removed and stacked in various places in the room. Chairs were on their sides and the television was on with a paused Super Mario game on the screen.  In the corner of the room I heard a voice come from under a blanket.  
Hey man, where the hell did you go?
  I walked over to the blanket and pulled it up and a large plume of smoke floated up.  When the smoke cleared, there sat Josh with a bong in his hand and eyes bugging out.  Without a doubt he was at the same point of his trip that I was at.  He had his senses, but wasnt quite back.  His voice made a smile come to my face, 
I spoke to the universe man, the trees and grass showed me the way.  
Josh sat there nodding, Sounds about right man, sounds about right.  I was playing Mario and Goombas popped out and brought me to Mario land.  Got stuck in a pipe and decided to hot box inside it since I wasnt going anywhere.  It was a good thing that my bong was within reach.  
Josh just started laughing and handed me the bong he was holding.  The smile never left my face.  I walked back to the chair I started the night in and reached into my pocket to get my lucky lighter out.  I pulled it out and my phone fell out onto the floor. I picked my phone up and saw the same missed text from Cheryl.  I finally had the courage and strength to click on it to see what it said.  The message read just three words, I miss you.  I clicked on the text messages options and scrolled down to delete and clicked it.  The message disappeared and I felt no emotion different than the happiness I had since I walked in from the backyard.  I put the bong up to my mouth, struck my lucky lighter, and inhaled deeply.
