	I want to cry so badly. I want to weep. I just want to feel. Its snowing outside. A cold winters day. The snowflakes are the thick fluffy kind, the ones that dance around on the wind before slowly drifting to the ground. So nice. I need to get fucked up. 

After taking some robitussin (DXM keeps tolerance down), I put a bunch of Percs in a folded piece of computer paper and crush them with a drinking glass. After a few good hits I reduce the 5-325s to a fine white powder and tap it out onto my desk. I pull a gift card out of my wallet, chop up some lines, roll up a 20 dollar bill and rail a line. 

Fucking Retard! My nostrils are on fire from the acetaminophen and the drip dries the back of my throat. That was actually stupid. Snorting Percs doesnt do shit; I know that. I wrap the rest of the powder in a piece of toilet paper, put it on the back of my tongue and wash it down with some water.

Already I can feel the warmth flow through me from the line I did. I sit down on my couch and start watching TV. Five minutes later it hits. It feels like my whole body is wrapped in a warm blanket. It feels like I woke up in the middle of the night, checked the clock and realized I dont have to get up in the morning. It feels like I just fell in love.

If only. She didnt even reject me. She turned to ice, drifted away. I dont know where we stand. Yesterday I saw her. We made eye contact for a second, she looked away. When I saw her later laughing with another guy...I didnt think I could feel any emptier.

Euphoria pulses from my heart to my tips. Everything is all right. Everything is good. I curl up in a ball and in my opiate induced haze giggle softly at the cartoons Im watching as i lightly scratch my arms, slightly itchy from the Percs. Ever so slightly though, I feel the high diminishing.

Diminishing, slowly dragging me back down into the dark depths of my depression.

No. I need this. I get up and lumber over to the liquor cabinet. Inside I see a recently opened bottle of Remy Martin 1738. Guess Im gonna go Fetty Wap style. I can feel every shot I throw back warming my soul. Until 30 seconds later when Im kneeling over the toilet bowl praying to God that my organs stay inside of me.

Not able to ignore the foul taste of vomit in my mouth I drag myself up the stairs and break out my bud and pipe. Three bowls later I begin to lose the ability to move my limbs. I shuffle over to my bed and pass out. Im woken up by the overwhelming need to take a shit. When I touch the seat, diarrhea explodes out of my ass all over the inside of the toilet.

I think I might have a problem.

My friend said I should post this here. I'd already posted it in r/drugs