Hes maybe 25, 26. I never really understood the whole older guys thing but she seems into it. I catch myself watching. Too long, I look away, look down, anywhere else. But as much as I try, I cant get the fucking image out of my head, him sucking on her face, coldly and without emotion. I cant. Him. Her. Together. Fuck it. I grip my glass and its cold and my fingers start to ache from the pressure but I need this, I want this and Im angry, ashamed. The questions start pouring in like teenagers into a concert of the latest pop idol, with vigor, however misplaced. Am I not good enough? She doesnt want me because Im weird. Ugly. Wrong. Broken. Im still sitting there, drinking and theyre still there, barely a meter away, I have to leave. Quickly. Out onto the pavement I go, barging through the door and out into the cool air. Here, at least, the sound of passing cars and drunken voices may stop me from spiraling deeper into the night.

An hour later were at Maccas. Shes smiling and going on about how shes so glad shes finished school and I wonder why Im even into this girl. Do I love her? I dont know. Or I do know but I dont want to know. Shes beautiful but its not just that. Its something more. The way she speaks. The way she leans in ever so slightly when shes interested in something. The way she wants to touch everyone on the knee when she thinks something they said was funny, but she hesitates, partially out of grace and partially out of frigidity. Its everything and its nothing. Its you and youre still here and youre talking and despite my intermittent nods and verbal agreements, Im no longer paying attention. Im thinking about him. How I hate him. How I hate that youre into him. Or I hate that Im not him. Because obviously no one other than me, at this moment, has insecurities, has problems. The 25 year old might be disgusted that the only girls that like him are basically still children, yet that, in my addled state of mind, fails to occur to me so I sit here and I become lost in thought. You dont notice though. I cant say I can blame you. Its a peculiar trap Ive fallen into, a trap that doesnt have a lure. One that promises failure and regret yet still I slide down, willingly and without protest. Because maybe, just maybe, some part of me wants this, wants the self-pity, revels in the loneliness and the sweet taste of suburban sorrow. Maybe Im not in love with her, but in love with being in love. Submerged in the pleasures of feelings that will never know the gentle touch of reciprocation.

By now Im no longer surprised that his keeps happening. Surprised is for the man entering the unknown. For me, this is chartered territory. I know this map. I made this map. I have become the teenage clich. The trope that we see in every fucking film, novel and play. I could have at least done something original with my misery. I couldve found something else to long for, something different to want. But clichs are clichs because theyre universal. Theyre overdone, over- experienced and inescapable so Im sitting here looking at the face onto which Ive externalized my insecurities, my self-hatred and its innocent. Or it seems innocent to me. Because of course everyone other than me has to be happy. Everyone other than me has to have a perfect life and has to fall in love because otherwise thatd make me ordinary and shatter the faade. This situation around which I have carefully crafted my identity would no longer hold. Then who would I be? No-one, and Im not quite ready to be no-one yet.

I should leave. Shes talking about how we should hang out more and I should leave. She already told you she doesnt feel the same way. Youre an asshole, just leave. Leave now. What the fuck are you still doing here? But I cant leave, because as much as I try, around you Ive created this hopeless allure. It follows you like the air, which I breathe, too light to be serious, but too important to ignore, too important to whom I am, who I want to be. So I stay. Do you want another coke? I ask, and of course you say yes. So I get up get the drinks. Because if were still drinking youll have to stay here longer and I can look at you longer and I can wish for just one moment that youd turn to me and say Ive made a mistake I love you, forgive me, I want you and all my problems would go away. But you dont. You never do. You never will. So I sit here and I plaster on a smile and I talk. Im going to miss you next year. She says. You look away. Because you know that your feelings are self-obsessive. Theyre not real. Its you. Its all about you. This has always been about you and you know it. The heavy feeling of your chest reminds you of it. So you look away and mutter softly. I will too. And you mean it, despite everything, despite all of this, you really fucking mean it.