What really baffled me before I was one of them was the idea that so many processes, events and existences were occurring around me all the time and all I could do was stand there and view the outer shells of their presence. The way the leaves fluttered in the wind, the way smoke clambered out of chimneys as dusk grasped the sky and the way ants scattered themselves in an orderly formation  laborious workers in essence.

This was before though. Before my veins, arteries and capillaries were laced with a toxin so deadly, every breath I took was a surprise to my false actuality. Not only could I now hear the photosynthesis of light in the tangled overgrowths, and taste the contaminating clouds of pollution as they fled from their foundries which resided below  I indulged upon them. They fuelled me as I strolled along the path to ascendance.

Four winters ago in a ruins only the small minded would be simple enough to explore. I was one of these small minded folk and with me stood my good friend, Cecil  he too was eager to discover the mysteries these ruins held.

Stepping back a moment, imagine a scene in which a fire was dancing amongst charred logs in the centre of this monument. Ancient, chipped stones laid sentinel to the musty atmosphere and, beyond that, was a barren canvas populated only by tiles, stained by age-old moss. Each of the four corners played host to identical pyramids with their hats sliced off leaving it plausible to gaze into their hollow interiors. They possessed unique glows with the top right being red, the bottom right being green, the top left being yellow and the remaining pyramid holding a deep, piercing blue brilliance.

The task was simple: there were four different colours, so each of them had to represent something unique and the only way we could identify their enigmatic purposes was to venture into their vision. Cecil went to the top right whilst I galloped eagerly to its opposite, the cerulean one. Before gazing into each pyramids depths we laid our hands on their sides and turned to look at one another, grins ever-present on our childish faces  if only we knew what was to come.

Before I even managed to gaze into the ominous mists below, I heard a harrowing groan from Cecils direction. I turned to identify its source but I couldnt. I was frozen, stuck, but calm. My mind was clear and I could taste the freshness of water as it coursed through my blood vessels. It was astonishing.
Muffled, the screams clawed at the mellow aura that clouded my mind. It was Cecil, he was yelling and screaming, My love! Where are you? I cannot wait to- he stopped, as though his stomach had taken a blow, as though all the air in his body had been stolen, Stop! Come here you coward so I can spill the royal sanguine that contaminates your body! Cur! His rage was evident so much so that it soured my mind and caused my stomach to crumble into itself. I was afraid, though all the meanwhile stolen by this idea of calmness and control.

A light. A blazing beam of light shattered the fixation I held upon my pyramid, and I fell backwards onto my pelvis - the bruise it left still causes me trouble to this day. I stroked my forehead with the back of my palm and breathed deeply as trickles of sweat danced down my temples. What was this place? What was it for? So many questions that I still dont know the answer to, even as the ink escapes my pen at this very moment.

Dwelling aside, we still had a task ahead of us - our questions could wait until after we had observed the two remaining oddities before us. I could see that Cecil was clearly shaken as he was trembling, and our gentle brushing past one another left him whimpering in pain, as though his skin was sensitive and sore. I, on the other hand, was shivering perpetually. It didnt feel odd, but I knew it shouldnt be happening.

Clambering to the remaining pyramids, the clinking of our shoes echoed into our surroundings, a cave: time-lost and mesmerising. Its scale was beyond belief. I noticed, strangely, that I could still taste the clarity, the purity of the water that soared through my body. It was empowering me  I actually liked it. Im not sure why, but its ambiguity aroused my senses; I felt alive.
This time Cecil and I did not exchange glances of reassurance, though we each knew that the other was focused on the task at hand. I gazed into the verdant fog and awaited my fate.

This time my ability to hear and acknowledge my surroundings was not compromised, though it infuriated me. I could make out my dear friends mumbling as he laughed incessantly, the fool. Feed. Me! he growled, drowning himself out with constant howls and snickers, he actually sounded happy  ha! Why did he get to be happy when I wasnt? Why was he enjoying himself? I wasnt.
Soon his laughter became too much and I attempted to tear myself from my rooted position. This was not the right choice. My lungs collapsed in on themselves and the air within them exploded inside my body, forcing my organs into each other. The pain was impossible to comprehend as searing flames tore through my skull and scolded my bodily tissues. A green glow ruptured through my skin, tearing through my veins and tarnishing my blood with its filth and behind my eyes I felt pressure so strong I thought they would burst and end my suffering, but they didnt. I was stuck in this erratic nightmare, as though a fiend was mutilating my soul, and time, at this point, seemed non-existent.

Darkness.

My mind became a desolation as I was left in this never-ending darkness. Was I dead? I hoped so, though the events that had occurred so far had removed the concept of death from my mind. I still felt alive.
Blazing.

Light pierced my corneas, eating away at my conscience  I wanted it to stop. Reality grasped me as I noticed the stalactites staring me down, as though disappointed in me. I felt alone. It was cold and my temples were pulsing as my blood eased through my veins, viscous and corrupt, and just as I thought I was going to escape from reality, I felt a hand grab my arm and tear me from my apathetic state  it was Cecil.

All that I remember of that day was his face, a smile etched into his expression, though his eyes were sorrowful and lost. He was worried, but unable to express it. We were never to be the same again.
