As I walked up to the shack in the scorching heat, I thought about the terrain, wondering if the desert wasteland ever ended. I paused, hearing something, something like gravel crunching behind the decrepit building. Tensing, I fell into a crouch, listening intently. The crunching stopped, and I could feel the tension in the air, so I decided to break the ice. 
"Hello? Anyone there?" I put my back to the wall and drew my modified machete. What a mean thing it was too, 20 inches long, sharp enough to chop through a pig, if there were any left, with brass knuckles on the leather wrapped hilt, and a 2  inch blade poking out of the bottom. I heard nothing but the sound of the whistling of the wind, picking up speed. I moved quickly towards the shack, barely crunching any of the scorched earth. The wind blew sand and dust across the plains. My back against the front of the tiny building, I snuck into it, making sure to keep a sharp eye out for traps of any sort. 
There was some rubble in the corner, where the roof had caved in. Other than that, I did not see anything in the room. I called out again, "Anyone there? Hello?" No response. Alrighty then, I thought. I either scared them off, they aren't human, or they just aren't responding. I glanced out the doorway, a rotting plank for a door still clinging to the rusty hinges. I looked over at the rubble, wondering if anything was inside. Then, as I turned my back on the open doorway, I heard a hushed voice.
 "Maybe he's got food... Should I kill him?" Whoever it was seemed to be thinking out loud. 
"How about no? I'd bet you like life." The thinly veiled threat hit home, and the shock was palpable. 
"I found this shack, just looking for supplies. If you attack me, just know that I don't fight fair. I fight to win." She replied, wait, no, HE.
 "Well, it's doubtful you're going to survive this, I've got friends on the way. With guns." Shit, there's more of them than I thought. Well, if he's bluffing, then I'm golden. If not, well... then I'm screwed. He walked into the room, sunlight glistening on his shaven head, as well as the gun in his hand, a Desert Eagle. He cocked the gun and said, On your knees or in the ground. I complied, thinking up new curse words, after I ran out of the old ones, to say in my mind. "Put down the blade, or I'll be putting you down." Once again, I did what the man with the gun pointed at my head told me to do. Kneeling on the ground I wondered... What's he going to do with me? Am I to be killed and eaten? Sold into slavery? Robbed and left for dead in the desert?
 I quickly decided I was going to die by his hand, or by a slaver's soon after. I thought it was in my best interest to take him by surprise, maybe sling some dust into his eyes... I sprung, his bullet nearly hit its mark, my heart, but instead put a hole through my foot. I tackled him, not realizing the pain emanating from my foot. We rolled in the dirt, fists, feet and elbows flying everywhere. I pulled out my knife, as he was the better fighter, and put it to his throat. He stopped struggling fairly quickly. 
"Tell your companion out there to stand down, or I'll cut your throat." I said. He responded, "I've never seen her before today. I have no control over her." 
"I don't believe you, Say it!" I put a notch through his nostril. Blood began to ooze from the wound.
"Fine! Hey, whatever your name is, please for the love of God, just don't attack him! He's crazy!" I notched his other nostril.
 "I'm not crazy, just determined to survive. Now, tell your friend out there to toss their weapons down, in front of the door, or I'll slit your throat" He complied fairly quickly, hoping and praying that the woman outside did as he said. Instead of a weapon appearing in the doorway, a battered woman, bleeding badly. She said nothing and a makeshift bow was in her hands. 
"Drop the bow or his blood is on your hands" I said, pushing the blade against his neck. A bead of crimson life formed at the tip. She looked straight ahead, staring into my eyes. That's when I saw. Her eyes were made of stone. Painted stone. Horrified, I saw her grin, then place the bow on the ground.
You're afraid. Both of you. It was true, of course. What we didn't know was that at that moment, a Hummer full of men, armed to the teeth, was bearing down on us. She was the first to hear the rumbling of the truck, about a mile away.
Shit. There's a truck coming! The stranger with a knife to his neck grinned and said, Oh goodie. It'd be a good idea to take the knife off my neck before my men get here. 
I thought about what he said for a moment. Get up and turn around, or I'll make sure you don't get to speak again. 
Given the two options, the man was happy to obey me. Gleefully, he watched as the bigass gas guzzler pulled up. The woman crumpled and the driver stepped out of the truck. Hey boss! The driver said, shifting his steady gaze from me, to the knife, to the crumpled woman on the floor. You wouldn't happen to want to let me boss go, would you? It'd make me so happy, I hate having to break bones. 
The man in front of me was huge, and that threat scared me more than the massive gun at his side did. He seemed like the kind to tell the truth about that sort of thing. Both me and the girl were forced into the car, and she fell unconscious on the way to the car, so I was forced to carry her. We were relieved of our weapons, her bow, knives, arrows and my sword and revolver - ammo as well, the bastards. The only thing they left on me was my clothes and some food. She was unconscious all of the way to their camp, and I prayed to whatever God that let this all happened that she would either pull through, or die in her sleep. 
I saw too many good people die because of drought or famine. I wasn't going to let this woman die because of that, and because of that, I was allowed to help her on the way to wherever we were going. A water soaked rag was the best way I could think of to help cure the dehydration, and the emaciated woman would have to wait for food. I knew that force feeding was a terrible idea, especially when the only food you had was rat jerky and salted, dried Spam. The Spam was a few decades out of date, and I was getting worried that it might start to go bad soon. 
Now let me take a break to explain some things to you. I am roughly thirty three years old. My name is Oak, but I haven't had anyone calling me that for years. I used to have a small group, I trusted them, and they trusted me. We weren't friends, far from it really. If anything, I hated the rest of them more than a cat hates everything else in the world. All but one, that is. He was an extremely strong man, mentally and physically. Loyal too, unlike those other sons of bitches. They killed him and slit my throat, left me for dead in the desert. They didnt go deep enough into my throat though, so I didnt die. I wish I had, sometimes.