The courtroom was dark and foreboding. The whole room gave off a gloomy feel, the silence almost deafening. It had been over three days and the jury was still hung. Detective Hill was staring intently at the defendant. He was only fifteen, on trial for murder. Detective Hill had been assigned his case. However, it was clear cut, the kid was guilty yet somehow it was taking three days to prove it.  The defendant was in possession of the weapon that killed Mr. Brody explained the prosecution. The jury looked on with disinterest, most of them clearly sick of listening to such nonsense. It was clear that majority had made their mind up. The minority clearly couldnt move past the guilt of sending a kid to jail.  I now call forward the defendant, Mr. Rupert to give his statement, demanded the judge, waving his hand with discontent. Det. Hill knew that the trail would soon be over, Charles Rupert was guilty, and he would spend the rest of his miserable life in jail. The gallery looked on with curiosity as Charles stood up from his seat.
  
First I would like to say that its been a blast. These last few days have been so much fun watching you squabble over my life, to be honest however I did in fact kill those people they deserved it, every one of them. They were the real criminals. How do I know this? Well it was all thanks to my favourite thing in lifeTetris. The game, is quite addicting you know. It wasnt long before it became my only pleasure in life. I stopped watching television or doing school work. I only played Tetris. After a while the blocks began to speak to me. Tell me secrets that no one else knew, they told me who was talking about me at school. The blocks cared for me, they encouraged me to be brave and stand up to those who ridiculed me. They assured me that I wouldnt be caught. I killed my class mates because they didnt belong in a community, with all the rumours they spread. Such filthy human beings. The courtroom fell completely silent as Charles let his words sink in, Det. Hill sat in shock. The kid was handing himself in, but also going for an insanity plea. The crafty fucker, he knew that the insanity plea would make his life more comfortable than Jail. Fuck exclaimed Det. Hill under his breath.
 
The kid sighed and continued So, when the Tetris blocks told me that my counselor had been sharing confidential information about me well I just knew she had to die. The prosecutions jaws dropped, the kid had just revealed murders that werent in the records. The jury members whispered to each other. Det. Hill stared in disbelief, what was happening? The kid laughed and continued with his story After her the blocks told me that our neighbour had been defiling children. I couldnt let myself live next to such a foul piece of shit, so he had to die too. 

Once again the kid had mentioned another killing that wasnt in the records. Soon I couldnt stop myself. I began disposing of the trash of society, my mailman, my friends mother, the corner shop attendant, my teacher. These people are only a fraction of what I had to deal with. You see, you only know half the story my sad naive little friends. All you need to know right now is that I will be back, the truth cannot be contained. The blocks are truth, and even though they lied and turned me in for something they did, I forgive them, the boy stared at Det. Hill and smiled as he spoke his last words. 

The defendants lawyer stood up Charles Rupert would like to plea insanity your honour he declared. The room fell dead silent, the jury adjusted themselves. The judge glanced at the boy, his crooked yellow teeth in the shape of a smile stared back.  Insanity it is, the boy will be transferred to the Stonehail Psychiatric Hospital. Jury you are dismissed, ordered the judge. The boy sat down and turned to face Det. Hill, he smiled and laughed. Det. Hill knew it was over. There was nothing he could do. The jury rose and exited the courtroom. The audience followed suit, Det. Hill stayed behind. He stared at the seal on the wall, the eagle with its wings spread. The prosecution made his way over, he stood in front of Hill It must be hard watching your own son go through all of this, consoled the prosecutor. Hill didnt look up he just stayed in thought. Well, Ill see you later, quietly said the Prosecutor as he walked past Hill and out of the room. Hill sat in his chair unable to move, he was in deep thought. Finally he stood up and exited the room, taking one final glance at Charles Rupert, who replied with a wave.
 
Det. Hill left the courthouse and was greeted with a crowd of reporters. He stuck his head down and made it to his black sedan in the parking lot. The reporters crowded around the car, knocking on the windows. The car sparked to life and the reporters retreated to the safety of the courthouse steps, Hill left the courthouse parking lot knowing that Charles would get the insanity plea, the case was over. Hill felt his stomach growl and he realised he hadnt eaten yet. He pulled into a diner, he brought his laptop in and sat towards the back. He opened his laptop, the screen came to life. The waitress waltzed over and took his order, a BLT with extra bacon. She retreated to the kitchen and Hill pulled out a pack of American Spirit. He lit the end of the fag and drew a deep breath of smoke, he exhaled and stared at his screen saver, Charles stood with his arm around Hill. A calm before the storm thought Hill. He scrolled the mouse across the screen and clicked on an icon marked T. A title card came across the screen displaying Tetris, Hill smiled at his screen and clicked Play. 
