(An addition to the first https://www.reddit.com/r/shortstories/comments/455a7x/nf_afraid/)

A favorite tool of my mothers was the spoon. Sometimes it was the wooden cooking spoon and other times it was the metal soup ladle. I dont know when these came into play, but what I do remember is their devastating effect.  Imagine a twelve inch long cooking instrument being swung at your five year old backside by a twenty-nine year old enraged woman, having it come in contact with only a thin piece of cotton and denim to protect your hide.  THAT is something that youll remember for a while.  

The spoon was usually swung during especially rough days.  Days that Im sure she was already stressed to maximum capacity and something we did or said had sent her straight over the edge.  

Our single wide trailer was set up with the large kitchen/living room combo at one end and a hallway down the back side that led to the bedrooms and bathroom.  My brother and I were sitting in the living room playing Nintendo.  For some reason or another we stared arguing about something in the game. He thought I wasn't playing fair and I kept telling him he was just mad because he was losing.  Now, if we had known that my mother was having a particularly rough day, we would have remembered to keep our voices down or maybe not argued at all.  But the fact was that we didnt.  
Knock it off! She yelled from the kitchen.

My brother whined about something that either I had done in the game or that the game had done to him, I dont remember.  What I do remember on this occasion and many others before and since, was the sound the utensils made as the second drawer was pulled violently open.  This was like a starters pistol for us.  We knew what was coming next.  My brother was the first one up.  He was sitting on the couch closest to the hallway and made a mad dash for our bedroom two doors down the hall.  I was sitting on the floor on the far side of the coffee table and couldnt clear the room as fast as he did.  

I had to run around the table and then head down the hall before I could get to my room.  I heard our door shut as I was just clearing the table.  My mind started to race about where else I could hide.  My sisters room was first down the hall, then my bedroom then the bathroom.  My Parents room was at the end, but that was off limits so the thought didnt cross my mind for more than a fraction of a split second.  All my planning was soon made useless as my foot caught something on the cluttered floor and I tripped.  

I was already trying to run as fast as I could when I fell so my momentum carried me forward and I crashed sideways into the back wall, knocking down a small ceramic comedy and tragedy mask as I fell to the floor.  I was sure I heard the piece break and I knew that if I wasnt the intended target before, I sure was now.  

I landed with my face tucked in the corner where the wall met the floor.  I curled my arms over my face and head because I knew what was coming next.  The first blow struck me in the right side just above my waist causing me to scream and arch my back reflexively.  The second landed on my right buttock and my back arched violently again.  I began trying to crawl quickly down the hall to escape. 

Thats why we cant have nice things! she yelled after me.
I knew she was talking about the masks that had fallen.  She made that comment any time one of the kids broke something in the house.  I scrambled down the hall, only trying to stand once I reached my bedroom door.  I tried the knob, but it was locked.  Tears flowed freely and I was sobbing uncontrollably.  

I tried to whisper as quietly as possible under the door.  its me.  
I could hear my brother climb off his bed and saw his shadow under the door as he crouched down.

Wheres mom? he whispered
In the kitchen. Open the door. I whispered between sobs.
He opened the door and let me in to our small bedroom.  I could see the spot where he had been hiding under his covers in the corner of his bed.  I crawled up the small wooden ladder to my top bunk and tucked myself into the corner farthest from the door and curled up, trying to make myself as small as possible.  I dont know what my brother was thinking as he lay in his bed, Im guessing in the same position as me.  I eventually fell asleep, sobbing and sniffling to myself.

Another spoon incident occurred in almost the exact same spot as the first one.  I cant remember what I was doing at the time, but for some reason or another I was in the living room.  I dont know if my brother and I were rough housing or what we were doing.  I dont know if I was pushed or if I simply fell, but for some reason or another, I lost my balance and fell into the back wall of the house.  Just above the spot where I hit the wall was a small multi-layered shelf that held many small glass and ceramic figurines.  When I hit the wall the shelf came crashing down on my head. A few of the figures shattered wither on my head or on the floor.  

For a few seconds I was dazed and my vision blurred.  As I slumped down against the wall, I thought for sure that this must be what it felt like to pass out, but I didnt.  When I was able to refocus, it was just in time to see the light blue, plastic soup ladle come swinging through the air and the sharp, stinging pain it left on my backside as it connected.  I immediately cried out in pain and grabbed the spot where the spoon had struck me.  I was watching carefully in case another swing came so I could move my hand in time.  It did.  I jerked my arm out of the way as quickly as I could. I had made the mistake before of trying to protect my backside with my hands only to realize how much more it hurt to be hit in the knuckles than the soft, fleshy part of your butt. I quickly scrambled down the hallway.  Another blow just barely caught me as I dashed towards the safety of my room and slammed the door.  Once again, I huddled in the far corner of my bed, hoping that I could wait there until it all blew over.  

Usually, my mother was not interested in chasing us.  She had been a smoker since her early teens and her lugs just werent up to it.  This time, however I heard her footsteps coming down the hall.  I looked frantically around my room for a better place to hide.  I knew I only had a few seconds before she was at my door, but I thought if I could find a better spot quick enough, I could make it in time.  As I heard her try the knob on the locked door, my eyes darted from corner to corner of my room, still searching. Nothing.  I resolved to just stay in the corner of my bed and hope that she would grow tired of this.  

Open the fking door! She yelled through the cheap wood and cardboard door. I didn't listen. I prayed that she would just leave me alone. 
I heard her push on the door and try the knob again.  I could hear her trying more forcefully now.  Finally, the door burst open.  I pushed myself farther into the corner in complete disbelief. It wasn't the first time that I thought she might try to kill me. I was young enough that when I heard my mother say "I'll fucking kill you!" I believed her. Thoughts raced through my head as her eyes found my trembling form. I would never play with my dog again. Never again go swimming off the bridge. Never again ride bikes with my best friend. All these "nevers" popped into my mind and then I thought; "She'll never hurt me again".

As I squeezed farther into the corner the first hit struck my calf, followed by a second and third on my thigh. I don't know how many hits came and I can't remember what she was yelling. I just remember being afraid. 
