One more time.
The pain. 
One more time may just kill me. 
My hands shake as I lift my Fenestra Lens to my face. Its a model A, racing car red, as shiny as an apple, freshly picked. It cost me everything I had. But thanks to it, Ive climbed Mount Everest, Ive explored the flooded labyrinths of Chac Mool, Ive made love to countless beautiful women, Ive killed a thousand men, Ive died a thousand times. It cost me everything, but because of it Ive LIVED.  
	I dont put it on right away. I just hold it so it catches the light from the faded sky. Just a piece of plastic that fits over my head and eyes, but so powerful, my bowels churn nervously looking at it. My palms sweat. My heart races. Holding this, contemplating putting it on, I feel the same terrified thrill that countless others have felt standing in front of the gallows, knowing with horrifying certainty what lies within that dangling, sightless eye. 
	I dont want to die. I could put it down on the ground and stomp it to pieces. I could chuck it out the window where a dozen scrabbling children will swoop down on it like hungry dogs. Maybe one of them will get away with The Lens intakethe equivalent of winning the lottery. I could do anything but put it on my head. But I dont. 
	Im a junky. A junky addicted to LIFE. A junky who knows damn well that one more shot is all its going to take. As if on cue my nose starts to bleed. The terrible headache pounds my ears. Something in my brain is swollen and weak. Even if I dont put it on, I probably only have a year or two left.
	I peer out my window. Sun setting from the septic sky. A sherbet burst of color. Pollution. Pollution all set to kill millions upon millions of people. One might consider it beautiful. Cold faded concrete and glimmer-less glass stretch for miles, everything with even a touch of green has been stripped and eaten. Seventeen billion people starving at once. Everything that crawls, hops, swims or flies has been consumed long ago. Some have gone crazy with hunger and started eating dirt, shoving down handful after handful until their stomachs explode. Others have wised up and started eating each other. Beware the plump and peaceful. 
	My shrunken stomach whimpers. Inside The Lens Ive eaten feasts sitting at kings tables. Of all the simulations, The Lens spares you starvationjust a little too close to reality to be marketable. Maybe my last vision will be a dinner. Nothing crazy, something elegant. A view with lights at night. A beautiful woman across the small table. We will clink Champaign glasses and smile into each others eyes while my brain bursts. There will be no pain. In fact, itll be ecstasy. But what if I wake up impaled on a spear? I may just die writhing in agony. Even still, isnt that better than the slow death of starvation? The un-heroic degradation of a tumor in my spleen or kidneys or lungs, the popular hot spot of our day? Perhaps I will join my Family and Friends on the UsNet. Not my real family and friends, those dont exist, but does it really matter whether theyre real or not? People I created subconsciously and The Lens made real for me? I dont think so. They love me. Thats all that matters. Funny, my hands dont shake.      
