She is never coming back. I have finally lost her, my love, my only dearest Margot. She has departed so long ago yet the pain feels so near. How I have l made it thus far is only a mastery of blunting my pain and placing my mind to work to avoid the emptiness that has been life without her. As I lay now all I can do is sigh, sigh for the one I cannot live without. How I long for her wide crooked smile, her soothing voice, her comforting touch. Is it so much to ask that she not be gone, to draw her back into my embrace? Im here alone and lost without her, and the storm is now looming. 

I take my drink slowly to settle my shaking nerves, my body racked with fear. Tonight is the night; I can feel it in my bones. The drink is no aid to my senses; I feel every muscle in my body tense as ever, the storm is near. This storm will be the death of me. Every moment I feel the pressure plummeting with the impending arrival of the horsemen of my own personal apocalypse.  The sky sighs ever so subtly as I have throughout the evening, why has my Margot departed? She was all I ever loved, all I ever needed and so suddenly she left me behind. How selfish am I that I wish I followed her? To never endure yet another moment without my beloved Margot? It is no matter, my impending reckoning comes, the sighs and groans of the sky tell me now that my time is short.

Only my bed caresses me now, the shadows engulf my home, and emptiness is my master. I only live because I cannot bring myself to cease. My lovely Margot would never have wanted me to wallow and sulk in her absence. For now, I bide my time until I meet her once again. I cannot shake my impending doom; I know what comes with this impending storm. She used to be the one to keep them at bay while the storms raged, kept them from tormenting me, keeping me safe. She is no longer here, my sweet angel Margot. There is no comfort tonight, just my thoughts and my haunting fear of the impending threat snaking its way closer and closer. 

The shadows only envelope the room, swallows it, and devours it whole. The world feels as if it is closing in on me, constricting my body, pressing down the weight of sadness and despair, pinning me to the floor with hopelessness. My dearest Margot why have you departed? I cannot, I will not last without you! All my life was devoted and meant for you my love, my only love. My thoughts are ravaged with the longing and pain that accompanies the loss of my sweet, sweet Margot. 

The bright flash of lightning and the sharp crack of the thunder shoot me upright; every hair on my body rises up. It has begun. I cannot help but run to the safety of my living room, so much time spent with Margot there. The sweet memories of her unending love warm me and settle my nerves as if she is there herself. Lightning flashes again, it is only a moment before the thunder comes crashing down and fills my ears with pain. It is so near, and they loom just so close, waiting for the moment to come in and take me. There is no Margot to save me this time.

There seems to be some respite for now, calm in the world, maybe the storm has passed? Perhaps I overreacted; all seems to be well in this moment. Or am I deceiving myself? They have not forgotten me. They will ride in on the clouds and take me into their dark and empty world. There is no love there, no hope nor life. I cannot allow myself to harbor this fear; maybe something to eat will calm my nerves. I have drunk enough on this evening. Margot never seemed to like it when I drank too much. Food is surely what I need on such a troubling and haunting evening. 

The food does not nourish me; it is as bland and tasteless as a world that exists without my precious Margot. I take my rest in the chair waiting for the worst, the view out of the window only providing the sight of swaying trees and ominous skies. Why must I endure to bear the brunt of this storm and wait as they loom in the shadows to ravage me! Thunder crashes down causing me to nearly fall out of the chair, I hadnt even seen the lightning to provide me a helpful warning to brace myself. I hear it now, the gentle rap on the floor. It is here, they have finally come.

I know that I must hide, but where do I go? If they are near I have nowhere to go. To the bedroom! They would not dare invade such a place, the sacred shrine to my dearest Margot! The foul demons would never encroach on that holy location! I can hear them scratch and scrape their way around my home, now my prison, and my tomb. 
I bury myself in the sheets of the bed, the very bed Margot and I shared before my departed. Another deafening crash throws my heart into a race with my breathing, I cannot control my breath. The fear, a deadening weight upon me drags me down like a heavy anchor. I cannot move nor leave the bed, and yet I know I cannot stay. They are coming, and coming soon. 

I hear it now, the demons claws clicking on the hard wood floor. It only makes the noise to torture me; soon they will call out and taunt me. The boom of the thunder again sends my body shivering. A tremendous crash comes down directly next to the bed. So, they have decided to break the sanctity of my bedroom, our bedroom.  From under the covers I peer out, the demons, they have no mercy, no kindness. They have thrown and smashed the picture of Margot from the night stand, as if to drive the pain in my heart even deeper. It was the day Margot told me that I was hers and only hers, the picture was of a happier time. Now, they have destroyed it.

I am no longer safe in the bedroom, I must escape! I hear now their calls, a shrill shriek and hiss. They await me outside of the door now. I do not know if I can survive an encounter with the demons. Those villainous creatures that haunt me hide in the shadows and skulk at the corner of my eyes only to wait and pounce upon me. Why do they torment me so! I feel like I have been sentenced to my execution. I can no longer remain in this bed. One leg at a time I slowly bring myself out of the bed, silently and cautiously walking, trying to keep my head low so that if they reach to harm me I can run and attempt at safety. 

All I see now are four glowing eyes, hateful, compassionless, and without solicitude. Slowly I continue to the door as the wait. They are ever so satisfied with themselves basking in their victory over me. Im worn and beaten down, the thunder and lightning have always tired and frightened me and they thrive upon it. They have always used it to their benefit in the malicious and torturous visits. It is now that I must make one last attempt to free myself of these foul and vile demons, the immoral minions of the dark lord himself. 

Now I make my mad dash to the doorway, trying to quickly pass them and make one final lunge to safety or to safety for just a few more precious moments.  I take my chance and make my desperate run through the doorway only to no avail. The demons scratch and smack my face; their diabolical shrieks fill my ears as the slash away at my face. I can feel the pain as they tear at me; all I can do is run blindly now to avoid their wrath. I run and run through the house blindly hoping to avoid more pain from the demons only to crash into the table in the hall. Damn that table, always in the way! The collision with the table sent me spinning and teetering to the edge of the stairs. The pictures and flowers on the table came down with a monstrous crash sending the demons flying away.  I cannot keep myself from slipping down the stairway, my speed causes me to slide uncontrollably curse that floor. The world now spins around me as I tumble down the stairs. Everything blurs, as I land on the ground at the foot of the stairs lying in suffering. Now in my defeat the demons circle me proclaiming their victory over me. Margot how I miss thee, why must I suffer these terrors without you? The demons continue to proclaim their victory by clawing and tearing at my walls, destroying everything I hold dear. I look to the door and see that it slowly opens, and as I wallow in my pain and loss, I see her! My angel, my dearest Margot! She leans in and kisses me gently; its as if she is truly here back from the dead! She leans in and looks at me sternly and says Ronan, you were fighting with the cats again! What did do boy?!  I bury my head between my paws as if it could shield me from the shower of shame raining down upon me. The demons have won again.

	
