i think i like a girl from my class. 
though i feel little bit bad sometimes when i hear her grade was better than mine. 
but anyway sometimes i look at her in class and hope she is looking at me also.
 im not too sure about her attitude and personality- that is, if we match and are compatible together but i do find her to be quite pretty.
 and her smile is nice also.
 sometimes i feel attracted to her because of how she looks.

but i dont want to feel this way.
 because something tells me she and i wont make a good couple?
 something tells me getting a SO wouldnt really be a good idea.

 i wish i didnt feel this attracted to girls (i wish i didnt feel this attracted to anyone).

sometimes i think to myself that having a girlfriend would be nice as it would be someone i could share my intimacy with. 
but again, i kind of feel like she wont accommodate my intimacy with her too well.
 like some people dont really like to get intimate. some are disgusted.

iam kind of confused and in thoughts at the moment yeah i find her pretty/attractive.
 i think its a distractive thing.

should i get closer with her? and maybe make her my gf?
 im thinking about that some memories.
 i Felt as though she was trying to get closer to me in these memories. 
ofcourse im not sure at all, its just that i felt like she was trying to get closer during these memories. and occassionally i felt bad when she walked away with that guy who`s her friend i think. and especially when i felt as though they were really close.

 i thought theres a possibility that i might feel more bad if they became bfgf.

i find this to be quite a disability.
 iam still thinking if i should make her my gf.
 would we be ok together? what happens after we break up? will she be trustworthy? pouring That much intimacy into someone is dangerous.
 as i still feel with my ex. i think so~. and other quite 

unneccessary questions are continuously popping up.

an idea - should i chat with her continuously? like chat with her for possibly hours until she gets quite fond of me. i know she is a very busy person though..

what i want is to not feel this attracted to people. its like slowly running toward a deep ditch.

i really dont want to be dumped into the pit of sharp glass shards- the emotional hell where i suffer because the other doesnt respond with attention and intimacy. like that memory from my ex.

another idea- should i just message her that i like her? but afterwards would she still look at me in class. or smile? or talk?

Jesus.
