Satan. The Prince of Darkness. The King of Hell. She stood tall and proud, with long, raven hair. Her eyes were hazel, and her skin was chestnut. She wore a vibrant red sundress and natural looking makeup. Her nails were carefully manicured, and there was a certain confident malevolence gleaming in her eyes. She sat behind her mahogany desk, leaning back in a leather bound armchair, her legs crossed and a stone tablet in hand.

Archie, so nice to see you. How is our friend Lieutenant-General Rutubis? Did you pass judgement on his actions? She grinned, but there was a seriousness to her words. Archibald stood before her, arms behind his back, standing at parade rest. Maam, I respectfully request answers. Why are so many high ranking officials succumbing to chaos? Satan sighed, and reluctantly said, Youve been my Lord Inquisitor for millennia, Archie. I should trust that this stays confidential. Yes? The Inquisitor nodded and said, Of course, Maam. You can trust me with anything. Satan walked to the front of her desk, leaned up against it, and crossed her arms. She spoke in a hushed whisper, The boundaries between Hell and the Abyss are weakening, Archie, and Demons are getting in. Chaos seeps into our land.

Archibald looked away, out the window, overlooking all of the Infernal capital city of Nessus, a city of glass, steel, and concrete. It sprawled for thousands of miles, filled with hundreds of millions of damned souls, all crammed into its impossibly tall buildings. Archibald closed his eyes, and remembered his mortal lives, recounting the experiences of every soul that comprised him. He was made up of the wrathful beings of twenty-seven Orcs and thirteen Half-Orcs; all of whom were of the same tribe, all of whom were slaughtered by a party of righteous paladins, warpriests, and clerics; all of whom were damned by holy swords to the eternal stygian torment of Hell for having the gall to survive in the brutal world that is the mortal plane; for being so arrogant as to join others of their kind in order to find solace and camaraderie. 

He consulted his inner counsel of damned Orcs. All of them concurred: there would be an Inquisition, and the streets would run red with the blood of those he had once considered his siblings. But he could not consult his souls for long, for Satan was waiting. He opened his eyes and turned back to his master and spoke in Orcish, a horrible, grunting language, I shall do what is necessary, with no mercy and no reluctance. You are my chieftain, and I am your weapon. It was a common pledge of fealty among Orcs. Satan smiled and replied in Orcish, You are my chosen warrior and my favored weapon. A common response. Archibald nodded and turned on his heel, and marched out the door, tail flicking anxiously and wings twitching with pent-up aggression.

Satan waited for her second in command to leave before turning back to her desk, pressing the intercom, and saying to her receptionist, Send in Mastema. She waited. Minutes passed. Then, with a rush of smoke, Mastema appeared. She was short and stocky, with a terrifying mask adorning her face, and a fitted black suit and silver tie covering her body, with black combat boots and leather gloves covering her feet and hands. Slung over her shoulder was a silenced carbine. She kneeled silently before Satan, who put her hand on Mastemas shoulder. Follow him, Satan whispered in Infernal, And if he strays from his path, kill him. Mastema looked up in surprise. Her expression was hidden but Satan knew that her servants face was frozen in shock. Satan knew what she was requesting: for her lead Assassin to kill her lead Inquisitor. It was to ask a sister to kill her brother. But it was a necessary contingency, for she knew that she might not be able to defeat him if he and his Inquisitors turned to Chaos. 

She sighed as Mastema disappeared, and rubbed her temples. Hell was going to see war. Soon. Whether it be the Legions of Heaven, or the Hordes of the Abyss, someone, somehow, was going to invade and she would be damned if she were unprepared.

-----------
This is the first draft of the first chapter to a short story I'm writing about the Big Bad of the Pathfinder campaign I'm running (I'm a nerd, I know). The main character is Archibald, Hell's Lord Inquisitor, essentially the head of the Infernal Internal Affairs. Though it is set in a standard Tolkienien fantasy multiverse, Hell is not restricted by those laws and is a fusion of medieval, modern, and futuristic, with influences from all over time and space. Critiques welcome.