I was never the strongest guy growing up or the smartest if Im going to be honest. I was the guy that always seemed to be up to no good, the one that parents would peek at around the corner when over at their house. The guy who always had a quick response for anything they threw at me. A Schmoozer or Full of shit. You all know the guy. 


On the other hand I didnt see it that way. I just knew how to talk to people, born with the gift of gab. The problem I ran into was that big personalities tend to stand out in a small, quiet town. Especially when you feel like you are destined for something huge. That heavy feeling that sits in the back of your mind, a feeling that something bigger than your little town is out there, waiting for you.


And I guess thats where Ill start my story. Around 100 miles West of Chicago, where every country road is lined with corn that tucks the sun away in the evening, staining the sky with a red-orange glow that runs the length of the heavens. A place where generations of families have lived and died, and people know you from how much you look like your father. A town where you lay on the hood of your car under the stars with your girl, listening to the crickets chirp as the June breeze caresses your cheek. The exact kind of place John Melloncamp sings about on the radio while you get a hand job in your brothers pickup from Suzi Lynn. Home of Ronald Reagan and the Petunia Festival. Dixon, Illinois.


I wonder how Suzi looks these days? Oh god, I can already picture those home grown melons. 


My story starts there, yes, but I am nowhere near Dixon right now. I am about, oh I dont know, 1,400 light-years away from Earth. Imprisoned on a Bounty Hunters Spaceship, docked on the planet of Florina. Sounds pretty right? Wrong. Florina is like Las Vegas, if Las Vegas were a planet run by asshole space pirates where you can be killed at any moment for absolutely no reason so actually, just like Las Vegas. This dump used to be called Kepler-452b, but that was many years ago. 


If you are wondering why I am in this cell, I have a sneaking suspicion it is because of the bounty on my head. Last poster I saw, which my hair looked perfect in, the count was up to 1 Billion Drunes. That is a lot of cheddar. My only regret is I got drunk and gambled with hookers on a planet full of Pirates and Cowboys while being wanted for conspiracy to assassinate the Galactic President. (Its a big misunderstanding).


Actually, sick night, totally worth it.

Looking out my cell window at the stars, it all seems so familiar, so much like Im back at home. 
How did I go from Dixon Illinois, to Intergalactics most wanted?  If I were to put a pin in the exact moment this all started, Id have to go with the day I moved back in with my parents after being dumped and fired from my job. Yeah, same day. Sucks right? Dont worry, things pick up speed fast.  


The name is Nels Cooper, I was born year 2020, and this is the story of the end of the world.