   Rodney almost hit a skunk on his way to work. Hed been driving down Washington Street with the windows rolled up and the air conditioning on when the little fucker crawled out from the underbrush near the golf course. Its hair was matted down with mud.
	Rodney had swerved into the left lane and braked hard in his fathers BMW. He rolled past the skunk. Looking out the passenger side window, Rodney saw that the little fucker has its snout buried in its crotch. It didnt even look at him.
	He got his breath back by the time he pulled into the parking lot of the Westingville Country Club. Rodney double-punched the lock button on his fathers keys before heading inside. The club sounded like it always did: the thump of tennis balls on the courts, the murmur of conversation in the Hiller Dining Room, the rustle of the automatic door sliding open.
	The receptionist scowled at him.
	The side entrance, Rodney. You know the rules. If youre not with your father, of course.
	Yes, Mrs. Janice. Sorryforce of habit.
	He exited the automatic door and walked across the lawn, past the tall windows of Hiller, heading towards the maintenance door.
	A waiter was taking a smoking break by the door. Rodney recognized him because he was bald.
	Gotta surprise for you today, kid. 
	Rodney shrugged, thinking about the skunk.
	Once inside, he pulled on a pair of disposable latex gloves and a rubber apron. The fluorescent lights in the dishroom glared off the whitewashed walls. Just a few yards awaythrough a set of swinging double doorsthe folks in Hiller would be eating Alaskan salmon and cherry tomatoes tonight. Right as the appetizers came out, Rodney knew, they would have dimmed the lights in the dining room. He used to love that glow, because it meant food was coming.
He clicked on the dish machine and leaned against a wall, waiting for it to warm up.
The bald waiter came back in from the side entrance. He still smelled like cigarette smoke. Someone else was with him, a middle-aged man with brown skin.
This is Luis. Hes gotta be trained. Show him the ropes so he can cover if one of us calls in sick.
Rodney nodded. The waiter disappeared. Luis looked at Rodney blankly.
This is the dish machine, Rodney began loudly. You rinse and scrub the dishes over there, he pointed to the slop sink in the corner, then bring to me here. Ill sanitize them.
Luis looked from Rodney to the dish machine.
You understand? Rodney pantomimed. Scrub and rinse, rinse and scrub. Then bring to me.
Luis watched Rodney with an air of detachment. He pulled out his cellphone.
You cant do that in here, gotta go outside to make calls. 
It occurred to Rodney that this man might not even speak English. But then Luis put away his phone and walked over to the slop sink. 
Alright, you stay over there.
The swinging doors burst open and a parade of waiters entered in purple aprons tied off at the waist.
Weve got appetizer plates, some got this nasty cheese stuff on em.
They desposited a tower of dishes around Luis. He inhaled sharply through his nose and rolled up his sleeves. Then he started to scrub. 
Hows he doing? The bald waiter wiped his hands on a loose rag. Yknow, sometimes they can be a handful. You know what I mean.
Rodney knew what he meant.
Luis was starting to sweat over by the slop sink. He was scrubbing vigorously, trying to make up for all the new dirty plates.
The waiters left to take out the salmon. At this point in the dinner, Rodneys father had always promised him the chocolate mousse for dessert, even though it was $12. Someday, youll get a minimum wage job, just like I had in high school, his father would lean closer, cognac on his breath, maybe even at this very club, and youll learn the value of a dollar. Thats what it means to live in America, Rod. To understand, to really understand, a dollar.
It occurred to Rodney now that hed have to work for two hours to afford the chocolate mousse cake. But he didnt want cake now. He wanted to go to sleep. To drive home in the BMW and park in the garage of his fathers house and go to bed. And he wanted all the small animals in town to stay damn well off the road.
Rodney passed the appetizer plates through the machine, waiting for the light to turn green, meaning they were sanitized. When they came out, he stacked them in the back cabinet. He didnt mind sorting the clean dishes. Hed given Luis the harder job. Usually, he had to do both.
Luis was really perspiring now. The lines of his forehead bunched together. He paused to untuck his shirt. It was a standard issue Westingville Country Club shirt with a starched collar. Rodney thought it looked stupid on him because his skin was brown.
Rodney was going to remind Luis that untucking his shirt violated employee policy when he noticed somethingthe sweat had stained the sides of Luis shirt, but not the center of his lower back. And he was bending at the knees, not at the waist, to stoop to the slop sink. Like he had something tucked in his waistband.
Rodney finished the rest of his shift without doing any more pantomiming. He drove home slowly, with the high beams on. Though he was tired that night, he couldnt fall asleep.
