A chapter from my sci-fi action book. I'd love some feedback, don't hold back :) I feel like my sentences carry on a little too long, or that maybe I go into too much detail (i'm a major tech nerd) but tell me how it reads and how you think it could be improved. Thanks!

------------

Heart pounding, Scott threw himself into the pilots seat without a second to spare. He punched the main power and watched impatiently as system statuses flicked from red to green on the heads-up display. Life support OK! Navigation OK! Propulsion.. Scott grit his teeth impatiently as the propulsion software loaded and ran checks.  OK! That was it. Ready. Without waiting for anything else, he flicked on the inertia dampeners and grabbed the main drives thrust control and shoved it all the way forward. An almighty explosion erupted beneath the craft as the engines exploded to life, instantly at maximum thrust. The bridge shook, bucked violently and lurched skyward. Navigation star charts and loose items flew back against the bulkheads as Scott was slammed into the seat at over 12 gs  a mere fraction of the total force applied before the inertial dampeners had their effect. Alarms screamed across the bridge, the heads-up displays indicating structural stress warnings. Scott could feel the invisible forces of the inertia dampeners as they began to grip his body, securing it against the g forces whilst allowing free movement. On the external view monitors, the ground was quickly shrinking beneath the craft as it streaked like a flaming arrow into the upper atmosphere. As the heads-up indicator for the inertial dampening finally flicked over to OK!, the forces pressing him into the seat eased and he was able to let out a sigh of relief. The turbulence of the atmosphere slowed as he transitioned into vacuum, leaving only the roar of the six massive engines at full thrust. The alarms automatically cancelled, the structure now reinforced by the inertial control systems.

As the indicators bleeped to signal he had now fully left earths atmosphere, Scott flicked the switch to fire the boosters. It was an inconspicuous switch for an entirely not inconspicuous function. Far beneath him at the far end of the Alexander, powerful magnetic fields tore anti-matter from the surrounding space and forced it violently into existence inside the engines. Injected into the existing thrust stream as a white-hot jet of material, it reacted violently and exploded out the back, pushing the craft forward at a further ten times its previous acceleration. It was awesome. He streaked past the moon like it was nothing. This was hardly the maiden flight Scott had planned for his new engine designs but he couldnt help but grin as they performed flawlessly. He flicked on the comms and targeted it towards the location in space Amanda had programmed into the navigation computer.

Captain Thell of the Crux, this is Scott, aboard the Alexander. Come in please! He released the button, anxiously awaiting a response.

Scott! Amandas voice rang out over the empty bridge. Scott, hurry! Theyre here - the sound of an explosion could be heard in the background. Scott could hear alarms screaming warnings at the crew of the Crux. Scott, we havent got long! I I think we can handle these three but more are on their way! You need to get the Alexander here NOW!

Scotts mouth was dry. He realised hed been gripping the seat, knuckles white and aching. He froze, finger on the push-to-talk. For a split second he considered turning the ship around, where he could run to he didnt know... but he couldnt, the ship was too valuable to the fleet. And he couldnt leave Amanda.

Ill be right there Amanda, two minutes out. Hold them off! He took a deep breath and flicked open a cover on the armrest. He reached in and flicked the safety cover on a red knob. He twisted it from Navigation to Combat. In an instant, the star maps vanished from the heads-up-display and it rearranged into a targeting overview. It showed the Crux, bright streaks of energy lancing towards it across a thousand kilometres of space from three enemy ships, indicated by flashing red icons. It was copping a pounding. Again and again, green lines traced from the attacking craft towards the Crux. And the Crux was giving it back. Remote telemetry was showing the reactors at full bore to power the lasers continuously, they were hurtling a constant stream of missiles at all three ships and the gunnery sergeant wasnt taking his finger off the auto-cannons fire button.

The Crux was close to losing, but Scott was closing fast. He armed the weapons. Set them to lock the three ships when in range. Cranked the shields up to combat levels. The ship hummed beneath him as the dampeners prepared to catch any internal explosions before they tore the hull apart. He grabbed the manual flight stick. The Alexander was over two thousand metres long from nose to tail. It weighed as much as ten of the biggest navy aircraft carriers. Scott knew that when he yanked that control to the right, none of that would matter. Ten massive port-side engines would fire in anti-matter mode, thrusting the ship starboard like a paper plane in a hurricane. He could see flashes of light out the forward view port. He was almost in range. Sweat rolled down his brow.

A blip sounded - Scott was now in range of the enemy lasers. Three more loud buzzes sounded across the bridge. They had a target lock! Any second now the shield would be struggling to push away petawatts of directed energy and superheated matter. He could see the Crux now. He was coming up from behind, to position himself between them and the enemy. Another alert sounded and a smile slid across Scotts lips. He was in weapons range and was locked onto all three targets. Without waiting, he pulled back on the thrust control, screeching almost to a stop at over 1000gs in front of the Crux. He twisted the stick to the right, turning the ship around to face the port side towards the enemy. The massive craft handled like a sports car. Down each side of the vessel, artillery, main lasers and massive anti-matter beam weapons were positioned and the act of bringing the ship about faced them straight at the enemy.

WHUUUUMPPPPP!!!! The force of the enemy weapons shook the Alexander violently. Scott blinked as he saw spots, stunned and blinded by the intense heat and light of the blast as it blew past the viewport. WHUMWHUUUMPPP!!!! The other two ships fired. The displays showed the entire port side of Scotts ship flashing angry red. Atmospheric pressure was dropping. Thrusters were offline. Power was unavailable to both the primary and backup life support systems. He was only vaguely aware of the alarms screeching over the deafening ringing in his ears. He couldnt waste any time or this would be over, fast. The Alexander had far superior weapons to the Crux but its smaller size meant armour plating and shields were all but decorative. As the automatic bulkheads slammed shut to seal Scott into the hardened bridge, he pressed fire.

PZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZT!!!!!!!! Ten streams of white-hot antimatter lanced across the blackness of space towards three targets. Four struck the closest, three each on the furthest two. The intensity of the energy expended by the weapons was staggering. Even with the shields pushing energy of every kind away from the ship, the heat burned Scotts skin. Shielding his eyes with his hands, Scott caught a glimpse through his fingers at the three enemy craft as they were lit up by the beams. They were wicked, elegant, and aggressive, all at once. The surface of their hull was pitch-black. Without sensors you would never see them against the equally black backdrop of empty space. The displays were highlighting pock marks and craters where the Crux had cut into it with its lasers and missiles. They had thick armour to be able to withstand such abuse but it was no match for the anti-matter weapons.

As the beams streamed over the three ships like jets of white-hot molten metal, they cut through them like a hot knife through butter. The green beams of energy attacking Scott, powerful in their own right but weak in comparison, ceased instantly. Then everything fell silent. The Alexander hummed gently as it charged for another volley but one was enough. Scott watched in awe as the three partially-disintegrated enemy ships broke apart, thousand-metre-long hulls silently crumbling into pieces as the explosive decompression sent the debris spinning in opposite directions. He gulped, trembling as he flicked the weapons back to stand by. It was awesome. The power he had at his fingertips He couldnt take his eyes off the destruction before him. For a moment, he thought Earth might stand a chance against this new threat. Amandas voice snapped him to attention.
