In a boarded off staff room of a department store, he waited. Waited for them to find him. Cold droplets of fear ran down his back as he listened to the sound of their shuffling footsteps drawing ever closer to his hiding spot. They knew he was here, they had seen him. There was nowhere to run now, they would almost certainly kill him. Or worse, they would change him. He would become just like them, vacant, soulless, driven by their inhuman obsession. It was a fate worse than death, and he would not let that happen to him. He hoped he was prepared to do what was necessary, if he became contaminated.



Something heavy slammed into the barricaded door of the staff room, a lumbering body throwing its dead weight against it, in an attempt to break through. The man had stacked boxes, tables, chairs, anything he could find, up against the door. It was his last line of defense against the herd, and he knew it wasnt going to last forever. They had time, while he waited in fear, they would use attrition to slowly break through the barrier. They would inevitably get to him.



The hinges of the door creaked, and the wood began to crack. His hastily piled wall began to crumble, and he looked on in horror as a hand clawed through, tearing down his last hope of safety. Their mindless moans, which had previously been muffled by the walls and door, started to form words in the now open staff room. He tried not to listen to their voices, for they spoke only the evil of their tortured souls. They looked around, and saw him there, cowering in the far corner. The herd loped forwards. He groped around at his side, drenched in the stink of his own terror, until finally his hand touched the metal of the gun barrel. He scrambled to get a grip of the handle.



He starred at them, transfixed, unable to look away from their horrifying , freakish appearances. Their voices started to burrow through his ears and register in his brain.

Twilight Sparkle is my favourite.

Dont you just love Rarity? Shes so beautiful.

Spike is so annoying, I dont see why they keep him around.



His shrieks of untempered horror filled the room as the herd of mindless, undead Brony loomed closer and closer to him. His mind raced in panic, trying to think of a way to escape. But he knew there was only one way out. He would not let them change him. He could not. The cold metal of the gun barrel hardly stifled his constant screams as he slipped it in his mouth.



What appeared to be the leader of this pack of undead Brony freaks broke away from the rest and quickened his trot towards the cowering figure. The mans eyes bulged in ever growing fright as he saw the rainbow and sparkled monster come closer. His mind told his hand to squeeze the trigger, now, before it was too late. His hand refused, frozen and unmoving as the shadow of the Brony herd engulfed him.



The leader grabbed the mans hand, and the gun dropped to the floor. More Brony crowded around, shoving their toxic merchandise in his face. The more the man resisted, the harder the Brony forced themselves upon him. Some of the Brony had started to stomp on his legs, others were clawing at his exposed skin. He held his breath, trying to avoid breathing in tainted perfume, as a Rainbow Dash plushie was thrust against his face.



Death. He prayed for death, as the herd of Brony zombies continued their assault, tearing at his limbs, and pushing tainted products towards him. His brain cried out for air as he tried to hold his breath a little longer. Hopefully they would finish him off soon.



Suddenly a blinding pain sang throughout his body as the Brony leader started ripping at the mans chest. Instinctively the man started gasping and screaming in agony. A poison pony plushie invaded his mouth, as its vile fumes snaked up his nose. His brain clouded and all he saw was pink, purple, and an abyss of glitter. Why was he fighting so much? He loved My Little Pony, he always had. It was like a glittering shroud was descending over his eyes. He lay there dying from pony poison, on the floor of the staff room, and he knew he would always love My Little Pony. With his last bit of strength, he removed the stuffed toy from his mouth. As his vision faded to sparkly purple, he starred into the eyes of the Fluttershy toy that had been his doom. He smiled his last smile.



I just love Fluttershy, the new Brony said, Shes just so sweet.



The herd shuffled off, one member extra, to continue their search. They would find more people, and they would show them that Friendship is Magic.