	I pulled the picture of Carly and Zooey out of my wallet, the same thing I had done every morning since I went on this God-forsaken trip. I mean, who really gives a fuck about the moon anyway, given all the ruckus the damn Ruskies had been making. Fuck, they could give two shits about the moon; they didnt even give me a radio to send my reports back, much less talk to my family. Looking intently at the only snippet of home I had, I couldnt help but feel nostalgic. The swing in the front yard. The trim I had painted and repainted for days, damn Seattle rains. The gutters that almost I broke my back installing when I fell off the ladder. The brand new Mustang Id bought for Zooeys 16th, the loan for which this trip would pay off. And the girls. Carlys eyes, her long blonde hair, her body just thinking about her got me breathing heavy. And her smile. That smile that Id get whenever I fucked up her dinner plans or got laid off all those times. That smile I got when she told me I was going to be a father. That smile when I asked her out right after our college graduation. I still dont know how she didnt get picked up by some idiot football player hunk, with a smile like that. The same smile she passed to our little Zooey. I guess shes not so little now; shes almost off to college herself. My, do they grow up fast. It seems like just yesterday, she said her first word (Daddy, of course), she took her first steps. I taught her to ride a bicycle on that driveway. Interrogated her first boyfriend on that porch. Hell, her only boyfriend, I watched him drive her off to prom from that porch. 

	Anyway, they were the only things on my mind as I went through my prescribed closing procedure, collecting all my data and charts, packing my clothes and the remainder of my freeze-dried food, meticulously rationed, per the procedure, to ensure I had enough for the trip home. Next were all the stations power systems, the lights, the heaters, the O2 supply. This gave me only the two hours of air left in my suit to prep my one way ticket back home and blast myself off this hellish rock. I didnt even need the full two. I had been ready for this day since day one, keeping the ship ready for launch at the press of a few buttons if the need arose. Or if my homesickness outweighed my dire need for cash. 

	I guess this whole trip was my stupid fault anyways. I had always wanted to go into medicine, to save peoples lives, sweating behind some facemask in an operating room, commanding some cute nurse to wipe my forehead with a sponge. Or maybe even be a spaceman, floating up among the stars, looking down on the world like it was a marble (ha, the sweet irony). But, nooo, my horny, teenaged ass had to switch to a communications major after I met that gorgeous blonde temptress in my orientation that was already hell-bent on the program. In retrospect, why the fuck would anybody waste their parents or their own hard-earned pay on a degree that tells you that you can do something that you have been able to do since age three? Sure, Carly just loved the idea of working with retarded kids, and, dont get me wrong, its admirable. But retards dont really pay the bills. I guess being a second-rate aluminum miner doesnt really either. At least it kept me out of the war. But since life is really just one big fuck you after another, I got fired when we stopped finding aluminum, and began my downward spiral of unemployment. It reached a point where I couldnt even get a job because of how many times I was fired. So what if I dont have a good track record, or the interviewer thinks I dont have a good attitude. Im a hard worker, goddammit. Who needs attitude when you sit in front of a machine, punching the same fucking button all day? I digress.

	I found this gig, if you want to call it that, in the lowest of lows, scrounging up money to buy newspapers so I could read the classifieds to work one odd job or the other. Luckily, Carly had just recently got promoted to head of the people who work with retarded kids or something. Essentially, that just meant that she worked more hours, meaning less time for her to make dinner and more sleepless nights rubbing her back for me while she sobbed. And all to make dirt pay, instead of shit. It was such a sweet deal, right? Well, at least dirt could pay for food, and some dinky Christmas presents, which is better than anything my fat ass could do. Anyway, I saw a guy putting up the ad on a street corner:

>Do you need to make a lot of money?
>Will you do whatever it takes to feed your family?
>Are you brave enough to risk your life for the betterment of humanity?
>Do you want to go to space? (That line was what really hooked me, God Im a fuckface)
>Call 1(800)554-6272

	It was practically too good to be true. I ripped the ad down so no one else could get this once-in-a-lifetime-opportunity but me, and ran home like a kid after school. Once again, hindsight is 20-20, as they say, and I realized that hundreds of slobs like myself all over the country had probably found an ad like this, too. Surprisingly, according to the voice on the other line, I was actually the first person to call, or at least fall for their little shtick, but one thing led to another and I was ready to hop on the next plane to Florida to be trained to pick up rocks, write about them, and let some kind of thinking machine (a computer they called it) fly me in a rocket to the fucking milky cosmic orb that rises in the sky every night and back. I told Carly about it in as little detail as possible, and told even less to Zooey. I figured shed reached the age that if her old man died on a rock floating miles above the Earth, shed probably be better off for it. Her birthday was the next day, so I took out a loan and bought her the Mustang as an early birthday surprise. Her face beaming, she hugged me for what seemed to be an eternity. I held her as tight as possible, because I figured it would be the last one Id get for a while. I snapped a quick picture of the two most important things in my life, my beautiful girls with their classic smiles, and got in my car for the airport. 

	Thus began the longest year of my life. The next few weeks were a blur, a crash course on lunar geography here, gee force testing there, et cetera, et cetera, until the day when they shot me off into the eternal night of space. And then the waiting began. I had my daily missions, according to the protocol, a pre-prepared, 330ish day guidebook for life on the moon, but then I had the rest of the day to do whatever the hell I wanted. The first week or so, I was optimistic, scratching a little tally by my bed, counting the days until I left. I got tired of that shit after about thirty or so tallies. Id do push-ups or something to try and stay in shape, another habit lost after about a month. Mostly Id sleep, sometimes Id jack off, trying my hardest not to make eye contact with the picture of Zooey as Id look at her mother and think about all the time we used to spend together. I know Im disgusting, but after months without seeing or touching another human being, you get pretty desperate. I even tried that whole Zen bullshit they talk about from Asia. It supposedly enriches your mind or some fucking thing, but whenever Id sit cross-legged on the floor, staring at a candle and clearing my mind, Id fall asleep. It was a long fucking time, and Im pretty sure I went a little crazy from the whole thing (I think thats why Im still talking to myself), but it was worth it for the $500,000 check I was promised when I returned.

	Which brings us back to heading home. I pressed those few buttons, sending myself hurtling back towards the Earth in my glorified tin can (or should I say aluminum, I know the difference, jackass). As I looked at that little marble I once called home, and it seemed like my girls were calling out to me, Honey, we miss you, come home now! Yeah, please Daddy, come back to us! I could have sworn I actually heard their voices shouting out to me, and I just couldnt take it anymore. I went into that computer-dealy, and changed my landing coordinates from back in Florida to right next my house in Seattle, figuring I could meet up with those NASA dicks for my money tomorrow. The closer and closer I got, I could see that that little marble was no longer green and blue like it used to be. Huge splotches of black lay where major cities used to be, and everywhere around them was gray and brown. The ocean was much smaller than it used to be, and what was left of it was darkened, like the cities. A lump formed in my throat. Those fucking Russians. I finally reached orbit, and powered on my ships short wave communications.

>This is Callan Fin, NASA special mission 16-Alpha. Does anyone read me?
No answer. I switched frequencies, hoping to be picked up by a sea liner, or a radio station. Anybody willing to respond.
>Can anyone hear me? This is Callan Fin, on a special mission from NASA. Anybody?
It went on for what seemed like hours, like a bad jazz song, all call and no response.

	I mean, youd think almost a year alone would have gotten me used to silence, but I was pretty sure I knew what this kind of silence meant. I closed my eyes and sat for a while listening to my breathing as the rocket left orbit and began its descent towards my old home. An hour or so later, I stepped out of what was supposed to be my ticket back to my girls, my house, my old, shitty life, the terrible people Id pass on the streets, the daily scramble to try to make money

	I looked my house. The swing in the front yard, burned away. The fucking trim, once white, now charred black. The gutters and brand new Mustang, now just piles of rust. And my girls. The only things I cared about in life. I found their bodies in the house. They looked like Zooeys Barbie doll, the day it fell behind the radiator. Mostly intact, but melted, a little. As I choked down the bile that rose to the back of my throat, I could faintly hear the radio, skipping like a record and getting more and more faint.

>Im just getting news that the Russians have launched the entirety of their nuclear arsenal on the U.S. and our allies. The President has said we have no choice but to return fire.
Scientists have said this is surely the end of humankind,
and the end of the world as we know it bzzt
	
And I felt fine. 


EDIT: Pardon my formatting, 1st post