It had been 4 days since the two Natives tried to jump me, and everyone around my age had heard some version of the story. A girl named Sophia whos locker was next to mine told me that she heard I had killed a guy on the weekend, and Alejandro called me on Sunday when he got back from his aunts house claiming that his old brother told him I had been arrested for 2 counts of attempted murder. I still hadnt caught wind of who the two guys were but I was on good terms with a majority of the native kids from the closest reserve and I was certain they wouldnt run their mouths about me.
I was scared that my parents would find out the whole story, I had told them that I defended myself when two guys jumped me for my wallet outside McDonalds which was half true, I was scared the school councilor would find out and I was scared random thugs would find out and jump me for just to prove they were harder and gain a little bit of credit. Id seen it before youd think that once I laid out two guys like that everyone would be trying to get on your good side, which was true to some extent, but it also attracted the attention of some stupid or psycho kids desperate to prove themselves by sneaking up on a drug dealer, so to some I had a target on my back.
His name is Brian, Hes 19 and just moved into Mountain Hill Jerry told me over my black berry as I walked off the pavement street into an overgrown trail He just wants an 8th , and he has no idea how much weed sells for here. I laugh to myself Whatd you tell him it cost? I inquire. Jerry starts to laugh also I told him it was usually 40 dollars, so if you sell it to him for 35 hell think youre hooking him up. I let out a quick chuckle. Almost all drugs in Mountain hill were shockingly inexpensive, with the exception of coke and heroin, but anyone from outside of town would think that a 35 dollar 8th was a great deal, and anyone inside it would know they were being ripped off.
He wants you to meet him at 12th and main. I squint my eyes as I figure out the exact area that is Tell him to leave now, and that Im wearing a blue and black flannel with a hood and jeans, and please tell me this retard doesnt expect this deal to happen on fucking Main Street. I angrily say. No, no, no I dont know him too well, he sits beside me in sociology but he seems cool. Jerry assures me. K cool, Thanks again Geraldo. I stop myself half way into the name as I cringe and quickly correct myself Fuck sorry Jerry, Ill see you later Jerry. and immediately end the call before he can lecture me about getting his name wrong.
Jerry, Jerry, Jerry I repeat to myself in my head as I look down at my feet tracking through the muddy neglected foot path. Jerry was Alejandros second oldest brother who had just entered his first year of University, once he graduated high school he was given a full scholarship to a university closer to the city. Even though it was only a 30 minute drive away from Mountain hill he took full advantage of the scholarship and decided hed live on campus, as loving of family as the Delgados are I can understand why he left, I understood why everyone left Mountain Hill when they got the chance.
I remembered being at Alejandros when Jerry was offered a full ride, Alejandros mom wept with joy while half laughing Alejandros Dad said nothing but I always knew you could do it. In broken English, while Jerry stood in the middle of their kitchen holding the letter in both hands, biting his lower lip and trying not to cry as his eyes started turning blood shot. Jerry lacked the physical and creative ability that Alejandro and his oldest brother Marco had but compensated with a near photographic memory while still possessing the un-breakable confidence the Delgado brothers all had. The summer before University Geraldo changed his name to Jerry despite the constant accusations of being an Uncle Juan. The name still hadnt stuck with me yet.
Jerry was making friends at University fast, and University students loved to party, the only problem was most the students were un-familiar with the new environment and had no idea where to find drugs. Thats where Jerry came in. Jerry would give drug dealers in Mountain hill clients, in exchange for a finders fee (except with me, he gave me clients for free since we went way back) a lot of the locals that got into post-secondary would do this. From what I heard, the kids that lived on campus would usually meet up with dealers just outside of mountain hill, itd be a red flag for police if they saw a hood strutting through campus or if they saw a college student roaming around Mountain Hill. What I also pieced together is that a majority of these guys fending drugs came from a different environment and probably wouldnt hesitate to squeal on some punk they barely knew if they got caught with a doobie. I made that point abundantly clear to Jerry and he promised hed only send the most trustworthy friends to me.
I looked up from my feet at the end of the trail that spits you back onto the road I pick up the pace for when I get out of the path. I shouldnt call them trails, they were small short cuts that resembled a trail in a forest, they were all over Mountain Hill I was still finding new ones, police were unaware of a majority of them and they were very tough to spot from a car. A man wearing only jean shorts and a tattered tee-shirt with wild hair and a nicotine stained beard stands where the trail ends and meets the road, every few seconds he brushes part of his upper-body with his hand, like hes swiping away a fly. As I pass by him I dont make eye contact even at such a close distance but he softly asks if I have 50 cents Sorry, Ive got no change. I lie.
After 10 minutes of walking at a pace that borderlines jogging Im walking down main street one block away from the 12th street intersection. I imagine what brian may look like and I pray that hes not dressed in the usual clothes university kids wore. 20 year olds in the last few years had been trying to move into the area, the cheap rent attracted young professionals and the idea of having a whole house to party in and only a 30 minute drive to the university drew in the occasional students. What majority of theses people didnt know was they were seen as an easy target, their clothing style and characteristics made it blatantly obvious they werent from the area and obvious to any predator that they were easy pray.
I arrive at 12th and main, I peer around the corner and see no one that sticks out, then I look across the street at the paint store, he must not be here yet. I sit down on a plastic chair out side an Iranian food market, one shop down from the corner. As soon as I sit down I see a guy turn the corner across the street.
Oh jesus. I think as I lean forward in my seat and get a better look at the man. Hes six foot and looks thin apart from the small beer gut I could make out pressing against his shirt, hes got a small beard, a nose ring pasty white skin and long brownish blonde hair that hes done up into a man bun OH JESUS. I scream in my head again, a fucking man bun. His clothes didnt help camouflage him either; he was wearing dark purple corduroys, bloodstone boots, an oversized sleeveless shirt, a cardigan and a scarf. He scans around the perimeter until he locks eyes with me then lifts his eye brows and nods before he starts crossing the in my direction. Jesus fucking Christ. I whisper aloud this time as I cover my face with my hand, a fucking Hipster.
James? The man humbly questioned with a puzzled face pointing at me while he slowly paced up Brian, Im guessing? I groan as I stand up from the plastic chair. You guessed right, Im jerrys friend. He spoke with an upbeat chipper vibe, but still kept a face like he was trying to recognize me from somewhere while he starred at me Sorry but I gotta ask, how old are you? Youre so much younger than I was expecting. Brian asks almost laughing. 15. I say while fake laughing. I had just met Brian but I already didnt like him, I had to act cool with him though. No one likes to buy drugs off someone they dont trust or are afraid of, so I would have to get along with Brian if I wanted a repeat customer.
Follow me, just down here. I turn to my left and start walking back up the way I came with Brian following slightly behind me. Wow. Brian exclaims as he shrugs his shoulders up and puts his hands in his cardigan pockets, Its so much colder here than it is in the city. I slow down to meet his pace Yeah, no big buildings to break the wind around here. I say threw my teeth. So where are we going? Brian asks as we continue down the road away from the market. Im not sure, anywhere thats not so open. Theyll probably be an empty house up ahead or trail I could scale it out for you in.
Three latino guys around my age wearing nike track suits walk directly at us, instead of moving to the side to let me and Brian get by, they walk straight forward making me and Brian split apart to let them threw. They stare us down as they pass by; I recognize two of them, they probably go to the neighbouring high school to mine, but do they recognize me? I turn around to look at them as they walk away behind us and the three boys begin talking while two of them look back at us, being white in most areas here made you a minority and sometimes attracted attention to you as an easy victim, and having a guy who looked like a roadie for Mumford and sons. tailing you around didnt help the situation, I just hoped no one I knew saw me with him.
After a minute of walking and Brian making observations in the hopes of starting a conversation, we finally reached the first house that starts the transition from industrial market to a residential area.
Alright, I can scale it out in there if you wanna come with me and watch youre welcome too. I point at an abandon house with its front door ripped off across the street. I trust you, but Im coming because I want to take a look at whats inside there. Brian explains to me. We cross the street and march up the overgrown walk way to where the front door should be, the door way is empty and missing a door. Man this is like something out of Scooby-doo. Brian whispers as we walk in threw the entrance.
The interior of the house looked like it had been abandon in a hurry a while ago, paintings and pictures decorated the walls, a small rain puddle was forming in the kitchen and broken appliance wood and glass were all over the floor. An out door plastic kids table stayed in tact and was sitting in the middle of the living room surrounded by 3 mattresss, squatters must have moved in when they heard word it was abandon. I reached into my flannel pocket and pulled out a scale, weed and baggies then sat the three pieces onto the plastic table; I hit on button on the digital scale and waited for the digital 8's to turn to 0.00.
Bang! I jump and spin a 180 to look at Brian and see if he heard the noise too, his eyes are wide with terror and hes crouching slightly. He answers my question before I can ask him I fucking heard that too. It was a gun shot, or maybe I was being paranoid, theres usually more than one shot, fuck please be a fire cracker. I got low while Brian stayed frozen and silent, I crouch and almost crawl slowly back to the missing front door. I get down on all fours against the door way and quickly stick my head outside, I scan the area and see a group of kids that look like their 10 years old about 50 feet to my left and sprinting down the street away from the house.
I immediately thought of the worst case scenario and believed there was a shooting, but judging by the over weight middle aged black man casually smoking a cigarette oh his porch across the street giving me a stern look, I figured it was just kids playing with fire works. The Fuck is you doing?! The man yelled to me. Sorry I thought something else was happening. I embarrassingly yelled back as I got up off my hands and knees. He shook his head and started muttering something I couldnt make out before he flicked his dart butt and shuffled back inside his house.
What was it. Brian asks as soon as he sees me. If I was with a friend I would have probably told them we were under attack or that some crazy shit was happening to see if I could get them scared but Brian already looked terrified and I didnt want to work him up even more. Dont worry man; it was just kids messing around with fire works. After hearing this Brian drops his tense shoulders. I start pulling nugs out of my plastic bag and placing them on the scale, I look up at Brian who remains ghost white. Just like Scooby-doo hey? I call out while still looking at the scale numbers light up Excuse me? Brian asks back in a sheepish voice The bang. That loud ass noise, and us jumping was like something from Scooby-doo. I respond cheerfully this time making eye contact with him. Brian slowly starts to smile before he puts on a spot on shaggy impersonation like jinkies scoob, I sure am spooked. How much longer until youve like weighed out those Scooby snacks? I begin to laugh but its a real laugh this time.
Here you go. I exclaim holding out the baggy for Brian. He takes it and squints at it for a minute while biting the inside of his cheeks you sure thats a quarter? Cause that feels pretty light, for a quarter. I make a puzzled face Oh fuck Jerry told me you only wanted an 8th I question I did tell him that but I called him back right before meeting you, and told him I changed my mind and wanted a quarter, didnt he tell you?
I pull out my phone and see that Ive got a missed call and text from jerry fuck my bad, I can get you more. But I gotta go to a stash spot cuz I only keep a certain amount on me at a time. I explain to him. You may think its dumb that Id let a guy I barley know accompany to my drug stash, and truthfully youd be correct, but I doubt Brian was gonna do shit and a quarter to an inexperienced buyer was too good of an opportunity. Brian agreed to accompany me and we set out back to my house.
You listen to Neil young? Brian surprisingly questioned almost immediately after I un-button my flannel and expose the ragged glory T-shirt I had on. Yeah man, Harvest is my favorite album. I tell him as we strut along the cracked side walk. I fucking love Neil young, Thats crazy I really couldnt picture you listening to it. Brian exclaims. Mountain Hills youth had been taken by the hopefully fad of trap music, every party playlist was usually made up of Chief Keef or Gucci Mane, and I often got teased for my taste in music that was commonly referred to as white boy shit, I quickly explain this to Brian. Nah man, I was listening to dont let it bring you down this morning, first impression, what did you think I listened to? I ask with a smile. I dont know, rap or something. Definitely not any white boy shit. Brian says while shrugging his shoulders. I gotta admit you are right about that I do love a lot of 90s rap. Brians eye brows lift up as he nearly yells I fucking love 90s rap! Like Biggie, Nas, tupac? the excitement is contagious as Inalmost shout back Without a doubt, Biggie is my favorite. Brian starts laughing So you wanna be hard core? Brian sings with an almost identical impression of biggie smalls in the song machine gun funk.
We became engaged in a manic conversation and after a few moments we got to my street, I asked Brian to wait at the corner so he didnt know what exact house I lived in, my parents hadnt gotten back from work so I didnt need to give the alibi I had made for why I came back to the house. I returned to Brian with green and he offered to blaze me if I knew a spot to smoke at, I seldom smoked weed and had made a rule to never smoke my own shit, but technically it was Brians now so I agreed and we headed out to a sesh spot.
So what made you decide to live here? I asked Brian shifting the conversation away from Pearl Jam to something more serious. Well its a lot cheaper than living on campus, and its not even that far from the university. Brian explains while I nod in agreement. Besides I lived here until I was around 4. I begin to laugh with disbelief. You fucking serious? I jokingly inquire. Brian chuckles and starts explaining again Yeah, we moved into the city once my Dad got a. Brian begins to say better. And half way through the word stops and corrects him-self by changing it to different job.
Instead of hanging on the awkward slip up of words Brian just had, I try to act like I didnt hear the nearly back handed comment and quickly ask him How ya liking it here? Brian puts on a forced smile and says threw his teeth. Its nice; the place has a lot of character. I see through his white lie and begin to laugh and by character you mean crime? I say imitating his voice on the word character. I wont lie, not the friendliest place Ive ever been, I didnt really remember a lot about it from when I was a kid, but people never look to happy to see me. Brian cheerfully responds back. Just be polite to everyone, be out going but not annoying. People will start recognizing you from around and stop giving you a hard time. I express the crucial advice while we stride past a hobo pushing a shopping cart filled with cans.
A lot of guys like you come here cuz of the cheap rent, there usually from the city and out of their element. Everyone hates them because usually theyre young preppy douches from the west end. You dont seem like them though. I assure Brian But usually they have no idea how to act and come off as pretentious. On weekends theyll go back to their friends in the city and brag about how progressive or hard they are because now they live in a lower-income area, they over exaggerate all the things that happen here to their friends, then they come back and do some passive aggressive shit to try and change the things they were just bragging about. I end my rant when I see the guilty look Brian has while he avoids eye contact and pushes a strand of hair behind his ear. Most of them dont last long, but youll be fine, you seem a lot different. I add in, trying to reassure Brain hell be alright.
We started approaching the blaze spot, Its a small bungalow that had recently been abandon. Unlike the house we were in earlier this one was in nearly perfect condition, outside of my group of friends almost no one knew about it yet. Apart from one broken window in the back of the house, overgrown grass and the pile up of news papers it looked exactly like a normal lived in home. Brian looked scared and asked me if I was sure no one was currently living in it, I told him wed be fine and brought him in the back yard to the window. The back yard was bare; half of the yard was grass while the other half was made up of patches of mud, chest high chain link fences acted as borders dividing the neighbors property and theirs. I walked up to the broken window, the bars that covered it had been ripped off except for the two on the very outside had been forced to the side, the glass had been shattered and the sharp remainders had been cleared from around the edges. I stepped up on an upside down bucket that was acting as a stepping stool and then stepped through the 3 foot by 3 foot gap that used to be a window and stepped onto the kitchen counter. Brian looked un-comfortable with the situation he was in but I assured him the house was abandon and told him to follow me in.
Brian sat on a couch with a magazine over his lap as he rolled a joint, I lounged on a lazy boy recliner watching him. The house interior was still for the main part in tact, there was still a lot of furniture a coffee table and even dressers full of clothing in most of the rooms. I scrolled through my phone and saw a missed text from my friend Sterling or better known as String, a nick name giving to him because of his very thin body and similar sound to his name. I open the message yo Im with Alejandro and Shayan wanna chill? I immediately text back Im down at the Bat-Cave right by your place. We called the house the Bat Cave because when my two buddies Emiliano and Nitan first explored it they claimed there was a bat flying around in side of it.
Hey you cool with some of my buddies coming down? Brian looks up from the joint hes been slaving over for a few minutes after he promised me he could roll a great cone. ahh yea, that fine with me. Brian mumbles slightly hesitantly Theyre all chill. I ensure him. My phone lights up on my lap, 1 message from string. lol not living at 44th anymore. Fuck I had completely forgotten, 2 weeks ago string and his mom got thrown out of the house they had been living in since string was a baby and had to move into Hill Side Estate public Housing. String and his Mom had consistently failed to pay their slowly increasing rent over the last year. String was always a bit quiet, and never brought up the moment to me personally, I had heard it threw a mutual friend and felt like my ignorance had just thrown salt in the wound by bringing it up.
Me and Brian continued to shoot the shit about music and films until the conversation shifted to the joint he was currently putting a filter in. So what kind of kush is this? Brian asks me while still staring at the joint hes almost finished rolling. My guy told me its green crack, but it doesnt really matter, I think people are sometimes full of shit when they claim that different strains make them feel differently. I tell him. Its really good though. I exclaim after a brief pause. Well how much does like an ounce cost you? Because a quarter for 50 is a pretty good deal. Brian questions again as he ties the end of the joint in a tip Sorry I cant say what an ounce runs for. I respond with an awkward laugh in between But how much do you usually see quarters go for. I fire back, in hopes of moving away from his last question well I used to sell them for 70 or 65 depending on the strain of bud. Brian casually tells me before moving onto what his last dealer would sell him quarters for.
yo hold up. I interrupt him mid sentence You slang? I ask in disbelief as I sat up in the recliner and began to lean forward. Yeah when I was a senior I did for a few months, but my Mom found out and flipped shit, so I stopped. Brian tells me with an upbeat smile. The fuck? I thought to myself, I could never picture Brian running around making deliveries, I was completely stunned and also very thankful that I didnt try to rip him off, cause he may have known the normal price. Well shit, I guess Baristas need someone to get weed from too. I tease him with a grin; Brian lets out a chuckle and claps his hands together as he thrashes forward and drops the joint Alright you got me there, but there were some fucking scary moments while I did it, although I guess thats part of the job description, and Im sure youve got some stories yourself. Brian humbly reveals while reaching down to pick up the joint.
I dont tell him about the two native guys at McDonalds, Im weary that it might change his opinion on me; I do tell him other stories that I had witnessed or heard happen. Each story is more intense than the other, Brian leans forward with suspense when I describe a shooting that happened on my street a few months ago, he cries with laughter when I tell him about a strung out kid a year above me running threw the strip mall naked on Christmas eve because he got tricked into taking shrooms while high on crack, I explain to him the hierarchy of the underground crime scene in Mountain Hill and who were the gangs he had to watch out for.
Yeah some weird shit happens around here, youll probably get to see a lot of it soon. Brian opens his eyes wide and puts on a comical frown I fucking hope not. He tells me threw his grin. Ill be straight forward; I thought I may have fucked up moving here. I mean everyone seems so angry and cliquey, like Im pretty sure an old lady could successfully mug me. I hysterically laugh at the jab he took at himself product of their environment. I claim with a weird voice and shrug Youll get used to it sooner or later. I add on. Yeah I guess I can see why, I heard a saying a while back that kind of sums it up. Brian explains to me When youre born in a zoo, you have no choice but to grow up an animal. I can see the look in Brians face when he realizes the cruel analogy he just used. Ill always remember it because it was like for a moment he had forgotten everything about me and just spoken his mind, I didnt respond to it, I just continued to stare him straight in the eyes, remaining silent.
I realize how that sounded like an insult. Brian starts to calmly explain to me The media likes to paint MH it in a negative light, but Ive never seen a community with more pride and culture than this one, and Im starting to really love it here. I apologize if I offended you, that wasnt my intention. Brian sincerely says to me. I look down at the floor briefly at my shoe prints where I tracked in mud. I stood up and walk across to Brian at the couch who was now standing as well Its no sweat dog, I knew what you meant. I sincerely say to Brian as I extend my hand for a shake to ensure that were square.
Bruh you may as well strut down the strip with a sign that says mug me. Alejandro jokingly yells pointing at Brains cardigan. String, Alejandro and Shayan had crawled through the back window 40 minutes ago, Shayan had greeted Brian by pointing at him while staring at me and hostile demanding Who the fucks this? When I offered Brian to stick around with us all three of them shot me dirty looks while Shayan mouth come on. But after Brian revealed the joint hed rolled and told us a hilarious story about the first girl he slept with in high school, everyone seemed to be enjoying my decision and was no longer angry I showed him the secret Bat cave. We were now sitting in a circle with the coffee table in the middle with Shayans portable speaker sitting on it, I was lounging in the recliner, Alejandro and Brian were sitting on the couch across from me and while Shayan was sitting on a stool to my left and String quietly sat seldom adding to the conversation to my right. We smoked the joint 20 minutes ago, and I had forgotten how big of a light weight I was, for the first 10 minutes Id giggle at anything but now I had mellowed out and my head was in a thick haze. We had been taking turns plugging our I pods (except String who didnt own one) in and playing music, one song each, I had taken the opportunity to show Brian some of my music and he was doing the same for me. The high helped me ignore the cold and had even helped make the trap music the others would play for their turn not as bad.
After we all joked around a bit longer Brian told us another story about his old girl friend after he makes a sex joke, the conversation starts to shift towards that topic. I always feel uncomfortable when someone gets onto that topic because I always know the question that eventually comes So have any of you lost your virginity? Brian calmly asks but is eagerly answered by Alejandro and Shayan while String nods with a straight face. Brian looks over at me What about you James? Before I can answer Shayan blurts out. Nahh hes still sitting on it, had some chances though, just never took them. To Shayans credit he took the words right out of my mouth. Theres nothing wrong with that. Brian responds trying to look at me as I embarrassingly look away.
For the next 15 minutes the conversation jumped around from all topics until Alejandro, ribbed Brian as to why he wears a scarf with a wife beater and that the two cancel each other out, his response of because Im fly as fuck and I do what I want. In a stereotypical sassy black girl voice gets a big laugh from everyone. Everyone starts roasting each other, Brian figuring out hes still considered a fish out of water in the neighborhood uses it to his advantage to make fun of himself repeating the old lady mugging him joke he told me earlier to the guys. I wouldnt be scared of getting stuck up if I were you. Alejandro excitedly shouts now on his feet With girl hair like that Id be scared of a homeboy running up and sticking it in you. He screams while humping the air.
My turn comes again to play the music I start the song fool in the rain, as soon as the main guitar riff starts Brian looks at me and starts nodding his head in agreement with my choice. Christ Jamie. Shayan says with a sigh Enough of this white boy shit. As soon as Shayan ends the sentence I immediately stare at Brian and he bursts out laughing. I told you! I blankly say to Brian and then explain whats so funny to the others. Watch out Shayan, we outnumber you. Brian jokingly chimes in with a smile while pointing to me and String.
Brian tells us about where hes living and some of the shit hes seen in the last little while that he never even heard about in his old neighborhood. Rolling Stones cant you hear me knocking plays as he explained his financial situation, he was on student loans and it was much cheaper for him to live here than on residence, He currently lives on Fredrick, a long strip of rundown low rent houses, not far from where string used to live. We all listened inventively except for String who stares off at the wall to his side. Its a fucking shit hole but its cheap and has two stories, also I only have one roommate, so I get a lot of privacy. We are having a house warming party Saturday actually, you should all come, but only you guys can come. Brian quickly proposes while pointing to us all.
fuck ya, Im D. I quickly respond while Alejandro and Shayan gleefully confirm theyll be there. You interested at all? Brian asks String as he leans forward. String looks over from the wall, showing off the dark circles under his pale blue eyes. Not really. String coldly responds as he stands up to adjust his over sized kakis, String was always strangely dressed, something he was occasionally teased about. He almost always had miss-matched outfits, because his mom did a majority of his clothing shopping in the flea market, all her money went towards rent and food we would try and give him our old gear but hed never accept it. One time I was playing basket ball at the rec-center and I spotted his mom filling a back pack with miss placed clothing from the lost and found, but I never told anyone about that.
Oh you busy that night? Brian questions as String sits back down and exposes his mis matched socks as his pants ride up. Even without the clothing String was strange looking, he was stick thin with pale freckled skin and Jet Black hair. No. I just dont wanna go. String blankly tells Brian as he stares him dead in the eye. Brian looked offended and everyone else looked shocked, String was usually the most polite passive person you could ever meet, we would rarely grill him because he was too good of a sport and would often not insult you back.
ahh common man! Well have booze, reefer and theyll be a lot of college girls! Brian explains in an upbeat tone while we all woot when he brings up the girls. String doesnt crack a smile and continues to stare at Brian Man what the fuck did I just say? String coldly responds. We all fall silent Alright. Brian blankly says while leaning back with his hands up like hes surrendering But if you change your mind the offers on the t-Brian is immediately cut out by String WHAT THE FUCK DID I JUST SAY! String screams with a red face while he points at Brian and jumps up from his chair.
ayyyye chill String. Alejandro demands as string marches towards Brian You said you werent interested Im sorry. Brian squeals out pushing himself farther back into the couch while he brings his knees up against his chest to cover his body. Shayan giggles with disbelief at the outrage Strings having, but it only fuels his emotions, GET THE FUCK OUT OF HERE! String screams again now with his hands balled into fists as he stomps closer, noow 5 feet from Brian. I sit frozen, stunned I see the events unfolding but theyre not catching up with my stoned mind.
Alejandro jumps up and his strong frame is able to get between Brian and String just in time. CHILL! Alejandro screams in Strings face, as he forces him back. What the fuck is you problem?! I scream from my chair now leaning forward. After 15 seconds of pushing, string figures out his thin body wont be able to get past Alejandro and he begins to calm down and walks back to his seat while we all remain silent with awe. Brian has a look of pure terror on his face like he had just witnessed a murder, he quickly stands up and unplugs his I pod from the Doc, the music cuts and is replaced with static. Guys I think, Its time I head out out. He sheepishly mutters, all of us apart from String groan and apologize or tell him to stay and that things are cool now. No I think Ive over stayed my welcome, James Ill get your number from Jerry and String Im sorry if I offended you I didnt mean what ever I said. Brian directs a sincere apology at String while once again String avoids eye contact.
Brian walks at a pace that borderlines running towards the open window wait! String calls out still looking away. Brian slowly comes to a halt and looks over his shoulder at string Im sorry, I dont know why I freaked out so hard. String quietly says looking down at his worn shoes while he stands up. Apology accepted. Brian quietly responds as String shuffles across the room with his hand extended towards the kitchen where Brian was standing. Brian stands his ground waiting for String to get to him as we all let out a condescending ahhhh. I wasnt sure what String was thinking trying to fight him; Brian had at least 60 pounds and 5 inches on him.
They shake hands in silence as String looks up and makes eye contact, Alright guys, Ill see you around; I really do have to go home though. Brian explains to us with relief once again. Peace. I say while waving. String still stands with Brian in the open kitchen, they nod to each other and Brian turns around once again Yo hold up. String tells Brian again, Brian turns his body a full 180 with his eye brows raised yeah? he wonders out loud. String immediately lunges forward and delivers a savage right hook to Brians jaw.

 part 1 https://www.reddit.com/r/shortstories/comments/3t4j2x/nf_126_days_i_spent_as_a_teenage_drug_dealer/

part 3
https://www.reddit.com/r/shortstories/comments/3t6tul/nf_126_days_i_spent_as_a_teenage_drug_dealer_part/