Theres an asshole in the car beside you.  From the tint of the windows you can still see his stupid yellow shirt, with the ugly grey tie, barely exposed under his untamed beard.  He drives fast to assert his authority, as owner of the bumper sticker: When your girl dumps you, keep bragging about your Prius gas mileage.  He's had his car jacked up, added extra exhaust, and flame decals to show you he means buisness.  He honks if you drive slower than how he wants you to drive.  

Theres a pretentious douche in the car beside you.  His nonchalant grey Camry tells you hes never gotten laid.  He probably works nine to five every day at some lame corporate white collar sellout job.  He doesnt truly know how to live.  Hes never driven fast, never gone to parties, never seen the world.  Yet he sits there and judge you like the pretentious douche that he is, driving slower than the speed of traffic.  You feel the urge to give him the bird, but resist, choosing not to give him the satisfaction.

How dare this steely eyed asshole cut you off.  Who does he think he is, a Monster truck driver?  He must need to compensate for something.

How dare this buggy eyed businessman honk at you like he wants to start a fight.  Who does he think he is, the goddamn king of Egypt?

You start to hate everyone on the road.  They are all filled with such anger, such aggression.  They never stop to give anyone a break, as they assume that everyone is out to get them.  The girl in front of you driving too slow.  The guy to your left who cant decide what lane he wants to drive in.  The guy who just wants to coast in your blind spot.  And most of all, the asshole in the car beside you.  With his jacked up Monster truck.

Most of all you start to hate your reaction to the perils of the road.  And in a moment of clarity, you realize that every single person that is currently pissing you off, is driven by the same outdated belief.  That you, the owner of this jacked up Monster truck, are the center of the universe.  That everything in the world revolves around your need to get to the grocery store before it closes.

That you, the owner of the nondescript grey Camry, needs more than anyone to get to the Hospital in time to see the birth of your son.  

Whether you drive a truck or a Camry, you realize that were it not for your Pre - Enlightenment tendencies, you might have been good friends with the Car beside you.  And whether you drive a truck or a Camry, you realize that you and your fellow assholes and pretentious douches have more in common than you may think.  