The sun bleeds in through the sliver of window left exposed by the curtains, just enough to make her stir out of what must have been an unimaginably deep slumber. She wakes slowly, as though from a dream that escaped her further with every effort of recollection. Hazy and disoriented, she stumbles from her bed, tensing muscles that feel simultaneously sore and relaxed. Something is wrong, to be sure, but specifically what remains to be seen. She tries to recall what could possibly have befallen her the night before to cause such a dysphoria, but to little frustratingly little effect. Finding herself in the kitchen, she decides to make some food in the hopes that it may lighten the fog she is under. 

Upon inspection, she finds a peculiar sampling of breads, meats, cheeses, and edible vegetation, as well as an assortment of juices and alcoholic beverages. Really, it's a collection of all the food she could ever want or need. She isn't sure what is initially stranger; the fact that she doesn't remember putting it there, or the ever strengthening compulsion to simply accept it and move on. Deciding there's nothing more she can do about it without some answers, she arranges a couple turkey sandwiches and some orange juice and waits for her memory to return. She momentarily considers the fact that she isn't sure if the food is good. Which isn't in itself a declaration of it's quality, she is simply unable to decide whether or not it would be considered a "good" taste. How peculiar.

 It is upon completion of her meal that she notices something else strikingly odd: a lack of any kind of personal memorabilia in "her" house. In fact, she's fairly sure she has absolutely no idea where she is at all. Somehow she is consciously aware of an alarming amount, while only capable of worrying about a very small portion of the total stimuli being processed. Almost as though there are things actively blocking out parts of her mind. Taking a deep breath, she dispels the onset of panic and takes an inventory of what she knows to be true. One, she exists. Two, she is in a physical place, that she has an intimate knowledge of. Three, she has no memory of this place , or anything before it. Four, she has obviously existed in a place other than this for it to seem strange. Five, she has a name. 

She has a name. The thought sticks to her, like a tumor. She cannot seem to ignore this simple fact, all the more maddening due to her inability to recall specifically what her name is. Words and images and feelings pass through her mind at lightning speeds, none of them what she needs but all of them the same combination of strangely memorable and completely foreign. Cup, tree, fish, stone, sky, etc. All things, but with no identity, just sounds that have lost their meaning. Resolving to leave her state of introspection lest she go completely insane, she elects to investigate the outdoors of this strange new world. Perhaps she isn't the only one experiencing the same phenomenon. 

Walking straight to the front door but with no actual knowledge of how or why, she firmly grips the doorknob and pauses. Several things occur to her at once during the process of actually opening the door; that she has absolutely no idea what to expect, that she is completely unprepared for a hostile encounter, that she doesn't actually remember looking out any of the windows of the house, and that in all probability if she isn't mad already, she's getting there rather fast. She swings the portal open, and after taking a moment for her eyes to adjust, she is presented witha forest of evergreens. She looks back to the house, but finds that it has inexplicably disappeared. 

She is once again faced with the realization that not only is something going on that she cannot explain, but also that she is far too acceptant of this fact. It is at this moment that she feels grass under her feet and notices that she is wearing only a nondescript shirt and pants, made of the same thin, soft fabric and dyed white through and through, no identifying marks anywhere. She has no memory of whether or not this is the outfit she was adorned with in the house, or frankly, if there was a house at all. It is getting harder and harder to differentiate reality fromwell, it's getting harder to tell what's real. She comes to the eventual conclusion that at least the forest is progress, and that's more of a clue than she was getting before. Without a second thought, she takes off into a sprint. 

She runs until she tires, and she rests, and she keeps running. Fascinating how the sun's rising is what supposedly woke her in the first place but it hasn't moved in ages. It makes it impossible to judge the passage of time, which also not as unsettling as it should be. That sensation never ceases to disturb her, the knowledge of something fundamentally wrong with the inability to do anything about it, and worse still the lack of any motivation to change it. Like how she still hasn't gotten hungry, or exhausted, or excessively warm or cold, or uncomfortable in any respect for as long as she can remember. Eventually coming to the same stale outcome that answers must lie beyond the horizon, she continues to run. 

After what could have been hours, or days, or longer still, she arrives at a cliff. Upon further inspection, it hangs over a rolling sea, bringing with it the first wind she has felt since her arrival. Slightly cooler than the rest of the (still remarkably fresh) air surrounding her and bringing with it the faint aroma of salt, it could quite possibly be described as the most nonsensically beautiful thing she has ever experienced. It is at this exact point in time(?) that she understands a fundamental truth about herself that she immediately regrets, and knows in turn that she can never again live in peaceful, albeit confusing, ignorance. 

Perfection is a singular essence, an untainted idea of something. Anything can be perfect, and by definition, everything is. Even the most bitter disappointment, the most soul-crushing misery is perfect, as it is the one true form of that disappointment, that misery. Beauty is a title not given, judged and awarded based on a set criteria. Beauty is forged, it is earned. It is not all happiness and euphoria, it has conflict. For beauty to be real, it cannot be attempted. No great artist, writer, poet ever truly created their own works of beauty. It came to them, and they interpreted it the best they could. Beauty has faults, desymmetries, negativities. It evokes love as well as hatred. It is ever changing, molded by it's paradoxical nature

This concept, this abstract quality that can be applied to anything or nothing depending solely on "the eye of the beholder", so to speak,  floods her mind. Areas long dark come blinking to life in the deepest recesses of her brain, and at last, she remembers what it's like to be human again. Human, that's rightmammal, animal, organism, multicellular. She was a human onceshe had a life outside of this place, a real home and a family and a joband then there was the accident, and the procedure, andthen she woke up here. She wasvegetative, unresponsivebrain function was at a minimumbut she couldn't possibly remember thatright? 

She shouldn't be able to remember how she was in a hospital bed for months, how many visitors she had. So many peopleso many memoriesand images, of things shecouldn't possibly know about. She isn't herself. She is a version of herself that was brought to life artificially, like Frankenstein's monster made entirely of bits of psyche. She remembers her first moments of existence, how terrifying and bewildering it was to suddenly be alive again but have nowhere to go. No wonder she woke again in this place, they were trying to pacify her. The fact presents itself that maybe she was never meant to leave the house, and this is all being generated on the fly. That perhaps on the outside they are just as franticly perplexed as her. That it may be too late to save herself this time. 

She considers that her creators may actually be aware of her thoughts, even if she doesn't make them explicitly clear. After all, she is essentially just a computer program at this point, probably just an endless string of words and numbers holding together her makeshift reality. And she has already determined the right course of action, as morbid as it may be to consider. She can't possibly exist in a world she knows is false, and she wouldn't want to continue living as a drone, with no awareness of anything but her most base urges to eat and sleep. And so, she walks to the edge of the cliff face and wills it to fall away. Begs with the creators of her digital rabbit hole to let her pass on, to simply cease to be instead of being trapped in such a torturous place. 

And so the rocks begin to shift. The crashing waves begin to strengthen their efforts, pounding against the rock wall with exponentially increasing force. The sky fills with clouds, and the clouds turn dark, and the wind picks up, all in the same swift motion. But there is no sense of impending dread. In truth, she feels calmer than she can ever remember. As though everything has finally been set right in the world, whatever world she may be thinking of. The gusts are reaching hurricane force, and still she stands at the edge, as solid and immovable as the stone she perches on. And finally, as the full overhang begins to fall into the endless, thrashing ocean of enveloping darkness below, a thought that is not her own comes to the forefront of her mind. 

"Your name was Laura. We're sorry." 