on longwave and fm. The shipping forecast in just a few moments after a few bars of Sailing By.


A gentle ebb of music rolled softly from the transistor radio and washed over the stark control room and brought a touch of warmth to the otherwise Spartan lighthouse. The large and woollened figure of Jonty Laird was leant back in his chair with closed eyes and an outreached hand curled around his the handle of his scalding cup of tea. Tea which no matter how hot he tried to make it, never quite warmed the same way as a good malt.

He wasnt required to be at the controls, it was mostly automated now, but it was rough out there tonight and he felt it a breach of solidarity not to at least listen to the airwaves. He could never explain it, but he felt he was responsible for the myriad fleet of trawlers, factory ships, ferries and tankers sprinkled throughout Fair Isle, Faeroes, Viking and northward. He needed to listen to the emergency frequencies like a passenger in a car needs to watch the road for fear that somehow if they looked away the driver might also be blinded.

Plus it was soothing. Sailing by and the poetry of the shipping forecast, best thing for sleep since he quit. So many years now, but still the occasional early morning shame after a bottle or two in his dreams. Funny how the shame burned as strong as it ever did even though the dream whiskey never seemed to work like the real stuff. At least no wet sheets or reproaching silences and angry red eyes. At least no more crying or fighting or hate. At least that. No more.

Jontys breathing deepened and his grip on the teacup loosened amid the soporific white noise roar of the rain and wind.

The emergency channel was deathly quiet as the shipping forecast lulled him further.

..North Utsere, South Utsere, Cromity Fair Isle, squally becoming cyclonic later.


A squelch from the radio.


FzzzzztMayday


Silence of wind and rain Jontys deep breathing.




Fzzzzt.

Mayday, Mayday


.Im in trouble out here..


The roaring whistle of a wind eddy caught round the lighthouse.


Fzzzzzt

anyone

Christ mayday, help me

Quiet deep breathing and the thunder of waves below.

Fzzzzzzzzzzt

HELP!

He wakes sharply, flinging his tea across the formica table. He hears the smash, but cant see it.


Jesus Christ! he shouts. His heart racing as he feels a fear like hes not felt since the day he quit.


Somehow its dark and quiet

 Fuck!

Everythings off. The radio is off, the equipment is off and..

Oh Shit.

Jontys on his feet now, he can barely see the outline of the window, he waits and counts, its a maximum of 10 seconds before he should see the beam.

He gets to 6, then it sweeps by. His heart rate slows a little and his breathing

The radio receiver in the corner of the rooms lights up with yellow flicker

He smiles. 

Must be the generator, he thinks with relief, down but not out


FzzzzztMayday


His heart jumps and his breathing stops. 

He stares at the radio in the dim silence (wheres the wind)

Silence for a second, a minute an hour a year a


Fzzzzt.

Mayday, Mayday

.Im in trouble out here..



Jonty grabs the mic. He forgets that this is the coastguard channel, he forgets that he is incapable of help, he forgets the communication protocols, he simply says


Hello


Silence. 

Aeons spin by like a second hand, the Himalayas turn to foothills and Australia takes off round the earth like it has an outboard strapped to Perth.


Fzzzzzt

Anyone?

Christ mayday, help me


Who is this, shouts Jonty, he has tears in eyes, and a deep rising panic.

Tell me what to do



Fzzzzzzzzzzt

HELP


Lights out. Total Darkness. Darkness like the dark in the heart of a whiskey fuelled man. Dark like the rage of fists. Dark like the self hatred made manifest and inflicted outward. Dark like spite. Dark like hate. Dark like a push.


He hears her voice


Theres no light here Jonty

He grabs the mic in panic

Fzzzzzt.Mayday.

Only black truth.

He sees her face on her council flat balcony, the speckled sodium lamps behind.

He tries not to see and shouts in the mic.
Mayday, Mayday!

.Im in trouble out here..



And bitter memory, Jonty, she says quietly, You remember dont you?


Hes disembodied and watching himself raging, red eyed and frenzied. He watches as he pushes her hard, a spiteful, hateful rage filled push. A push meant to harm, a push that could

How could I forget?

He squeezes the mic again, something real in the black.

Fzzzzzt

anyone he speaks weakly.

Then more forcefully Christ mayday, help me!


He sees himself waking in his shitty flat in Aberdeen with a head the size of an oilrig. His ex-wifes sister screaming that hed finally done it, hed finally broken her. He sees himself drying out, feeling bad for what he put her through, determined to make it right, but forgiving himself for not knowing. How could he know? Nobody knew she was so fragile. Nobody thought she could tip herself over her own balcony.


It wasnt me Jonty she says in the dark

How could I forget?


Fzzzzzzzzzzt

HELP!

He shouts into microphone. He forlornly looks about for hope, he see the faint outline of the window and counts for the beam.

He counts for a year.

Theres no light here Jonty She says again.


Just you

