Henry struggled against the straps holding down his arms, and screamed helplessly into the ball gag in his mouth. His eyes were covered with a black sash, but he could feel that there was another presence in the room. In an instant, the sash and gag were ripped out of place, unveiling a man in a black suit and vivid red tie sitting across the table. His hair was slicked back in a way that resembled a crooked politician. 

Henry cried out like anyone in his situation would, "Who are you? Why am I-"

"Please let's not do that. I'm not one for formalities," said the man," and besides you already know who I am." His eyes lit up and a strange smile crept across his face.

Henry sensed an eerie familiarity about him, but he couldnt quite place him. His voice pierced the air when he spoke, but it reminded Henry more of the quiet whisper in your head that you hear when you're standing over a high cliff; the voice that ever so slightly tempts you to jump over the edge and fall to your death. Still, he wasn't quite sure who this man was. That is, until he saw his smile.

That twisted smile could put knots in steel. Henry knew this man would kill him and that he'd enjoy every second of it. His dark, sunken eyes conveyed infinite glee and arrogance while also showing the suffering of countless tortured souls. Henry now knew the unspeakable truth, he was staring into the eyes of the Devil Himself.

"You you're" Henry stammered.

"Yes I am but please call me Damon-- Satan sounds too forced," He responded.

Henry was not a religious man, but he was understandably terrified. He began to pray. Our father who art in heaven hallowed it be thy name. Thy kingdom come-"

"Thy will be done?" Damon asked. "That's how it goes right? 
Sorry I haven't prayed in forever." Again he flashed that twisted smile.

"What are you going to do to me?" Henry squealed.

I just want to talk to you, Damon smirked, I wont hurt you. He reached across the table and extended his pinky finger. I promise, he said.

"You wont?"

"Well yes and no. You're going to die tonight, but there's rules I've gotta follow. According to the Big Man Upstairs, it's unethical if I kill you myself"

So God knows you're doing this?

He's God, of course He knows. But here's the real kicker: not 
only does He know, He planned for this to happen. It's all part of His Majesty's divine plan. I guess He really does work in mysterious ways."

"Why would He do this?"

"Beats me, but every now and then He needs me to test out this 
whole free will thing."

"But if you're not going to kill me how am I going to die"

Youre going to do it for me.

Why would I do that?

"Henry, I talked humanity out of paradise. You really think I cant 
get you to kick the bucket?"

"But if you can't do anything to me can I just leave?

"Sure. Anytime," Damon said. Just as Henry stood up to leave, 
Damon spoke again, "Of course, if you leave now you'll never really be able to live your life."

He had Henry's attention once more. "You could leave now, but you'd just be running. You would always have the gnawing suspicion that you might've done it. You would be running from the fear that your life really might not be worth living. So, instead of running, face the fear head on for the next few minutes."
Henry wanted nothing more than to leave, but he knew that Damon was right. He planted himself back into his chair. Damon let out a scathing chuckle. 

"Attaboy."

Damon snapped his fingers and a filing cabinet appeared next to him. He pulled out a Manila folder from the H section and began reading. 

"Henry Lawrence, 510, 185 pounds. It says here you have a girlfriend named Eve"

"Yeah we've been together a few years now."

"She's pregnant, right?"

"Yeah"

"How far along?"

"About six months"

"Boy or girl?"

"Boy. We're going to name him Adam, after my father."

"Adam, the Son of Eve. Ha, the irony. Well congratulations. By 
the way, it's not yours."

Henry's face dropped. He didn't understand how this could be 
possible, or rather, he didn't want to understand. He asked the 
obvious question, "How--"

"Remember all those late nights she had at the office?"

Silence hung in the air. Henry searched for an inkling of doubt but there was none left in him. He knew Damon was right.

"So you ready to do it" Damon taunted.

"No, not yet.

"But eventually?"

"No I mean not ever. Things weren't going good with Eve 
anyways. Besides Ive got more to live for than her. Damons expression stood somewhere between disappointment and disgust, but then, as if considering a new prospect, his expression shifted back to gleeful arrogance.

"You're right; I mean youve got that promotion coming up.

Promotion? You mean Callahan is considering me?

"Oh yeah, hes leaning towards you, but... 

But? Henry asked.

But what?

I dont know. I guess I just feel bad for you guys.

What do you means "you guys"?

Everyone, all you people. The whole lot of you are part of a big 
lie. I practically created deception, but you guys took it to a whole 
new level.

What do you mean?

From the time youre able to speak, youre put in a constant 
cycle of preparation and wanting.  Youre told that youve got to 
go to kindergarten, so that you can be prepared for first grade, then first grade prepares you for second grade, and so on and so forth. You become an adult and youre meant to go to college to prepare you for the real world. After that, youve finally made it into the workforce, but thats still not good enough because advertising and superstars have got you chasing bigger and better things, and youre not happy until youve got the Thing. 
You know the Thing; the Thing that everyone wants and says you need, but once you get it another Thing comes out, and its better than the Thing youve got. And even if youre lucky enough to be at the top, youve already wasted half your life getting there. Meanwhile, everyone around you is telling you youre either too fat, too skinny, too dumb,  too smart, not tough enough, or too much of a brute. Nothing you do every makes anyone happy. The truth is it doesnt matter what you do or how fast you run because even if you win the rat race, youre still just a rat. At least in Hell you wont be judged for your every minor imperfection.

Damon paused to catch his breath.  He could see that his rant had been winning over Henry, but he needed one last push.
Do you know what the number one killer of humans is? Damon asked with an almost sympathetic tone.

No. What?

Other humans and do you know why?

Because were greedy, self-centered pricks."

Yes and no. You see its all about power. Think about it. Nearly every war has been about asserting some sort of power or dominance over others. Crime is a result of a lack of power. In desperate times people will do desperate things. It all comes down to power, and do you know why? Henry said nothing and allowed Damon to answer his own question. Youre all too scared to admit the fact that you are all utterly insignificant. In a few hundred years there will be nobody on Earth who will even know that you ever existed. On some level you know this. Thats why you cling to the prospect of an afterlife. Its why so many of you dont bother to really explore the meaning of life in full detail-- you know there isnt one. There are others, though, who refuse to accept the truth. These men and women will scorch the Earth just to feel some sense of power. They will send millions of troops to an island nation to prove that their country is stronger, or crush their financial competition in the hopes that their bank statements will act as an indicator of purpose. They will do this to hide from the fact that they little more than dust in the wind. These men are doing exactly what you did just a few minutes agorunning. But its useless, you see, because the truth will always catch up to you. So come on Henry, its time to stop running. 

