Darkwood Forest




CHAPTER ONE



My name is Lazerus. Okay, that isnt my real name, but thats what everyone took to calling me after I defeated the Devil Lord of the Nine Hells. It wasnt even that big of a deal, but I like the way it sounds. Lazerus, Slayer of the Devil Lord. Its good, right? Im going to tell a short story of an adventure I had that I consider to be one of the most interesting, terrifying and altogether enjoyable experiences of my life.



Several years ago, I happened upon the town of Silverton. That wasnt my destination  I quite accidentally happened upon it. Having never visited this small town, I decided to pay a visit to the town hall. This is standard procedure now, and important. See, just wandering into a town and stopping by the tavern or inn, that doesnt get you paid. Plus, you end up paying for lodging like a chump. No, Ive honed my adventuring practice to an art. One that pays well, and also happens to be gratifying.



The town was outwardly nothing special. I could tell by the glances (and stares) that I was getting from the townsfolk, they knew who I was, or at least suspected. My appearance didnt leave much room for mistake. My shiny, bronzed metallic breastplate was emblazoned in the center with a majestic eagle, with a snake hanging from its beak. The symbol didnt mean anything to ME. To anyone who asked about it, I could tell a different story. In one town it was a family crest, in another it was a gift from a wealthy lord in payment for services rendered. Regardless, it was known throughout the land. A fact I happen to be quite proud of.



There was something special about this place. I couldnt place my finger on it, but I knew that this town might be the Big One. There was a great adventure to be had here - and one that could add a considerable amount of gold to my already overflowing estate. There was only one way to find out for sure, so I made my way to the town hall. In places like this, you dont ask for directions. That would make you look less impressive. So I carefully chose the building that looked the most official. I had become pretty good at this over time as well. Keeping up appearances is of vital importance, which means getting it right the first time. There was that one time, in the not distant enough past where I had walked, chest puffed out like I owned the place, right into a stables and bumped into the ass end of a horse. I got a good kick right back out the door and onto my own ass. The next town over, I told everybody the dent to my armor was from the hoof of an angry centaur I had (obviously) defeated, so it all worked out in the end.



I got it right this time, and walked up to the reception, and with a glint in my eye and a shine in my smile, and demanded the young lady introduce me to the mayor immediately. I got a blank stare, and it was pretty obvious that this particular woman had no idea who I was, and was thoroughly unimpressed by my introduction. My grin faded a bit, but I did my best to recover. I cleared my throat, and introduced myself. I am Lazerus Cerberus, (my real last name, by the way), of the renowned Cerberus estate. I continued. Blank stare. I clearly was not dealing with the right person. Could youpleasedirect me to the office of the Mayor of Silverton?



The mayor is busy. That was all I got. She clearly did not understand who I was, and it was clear I wasnt going to be able to get it through to her, so I decided to play the persuasion game. My smile faded, I looked her directly in the eyes, reached into my bag, and then dropped a pouch of gold coins onto the counter. This was clearly a language she understood. She smiled wryly at me, and said, Right this way.







Mr. Pinking, a large man is here to see you. Says his name is. I cut her off, slid past her through the doorway into the room Id followed her to, and introduced myself. Thank you, mlady. Lazarus Cerberus, of the Cerberus estate, at your service. A pleasure to meet you, Mayor Pinking. This is also important, making a proper introduction to the local civic leaders. Assertion here leads to a mild intimidation (most of the time), which generally increases the overall pay of an adventure. Again, as I said before, this is an art honed over more than a decade.



Mr. Pinking was a short, red faced man who sat behind a desk, head in his hands, looking utterly defeated. He looked up at me, immediately placed who I was, and I could see the slightest glimmer of hope in his eyes. Score. This is going to be an easy job procurement. Of course, I had no idea what the job would be, but it didnt matter. Id take anything. Ive slayed bandit leaders, mythic beasts, subterranean creatures of pure evil, thats not to mentionDevil Lords.Of the Nine Hells.This recent addition to my resume was a great selling point. Not that I needed it, but I had a feeling it would open up some much higher paying jobs for me in the future.



I cant believe my eyes! the Mayor exclaimed. I took this opportunity to flex a bit. Subtly, of course. Subtlety is key. If youre here for work, I have a very serious problem that needs immediate resolution. I wish I had more time for formalities, but I must be on my way soon, and you couldnt have come at a better time. There was the offer. Now it was time to negotiate.



I got right down to it. Whats the job, and whats the pay?



Without getting too much more into detail, the offer put on the table was an impossible job for, as the Mayor put it himself, Wide open coffers. It seemed too good to be true, but Ive never been of the opinion that too good to be true didnt exist. This job wasnt going to be easy though. North of the town was the Darkwood Forest, as the locals call it. A good, foreboding name. In the center of Darkwood, was a powerful wizard in a massive black tower. It should be obvious, with a description like that, that this guy was clearly evil and a force to be reckoned with. Apparently, the evil wizard Xelabars presence was causing evil to seep through the woods, corrupting the wildlife, and as it was explained to me, all the living things that resided there. Okay. I can handle this. I mean, Ive never dealt with a wizard personally before, but the thought of that kind of pay was enough to instill the confidence required to sign the contract.



Youll find the road that leads south out of town will take you directly to through the woods. Pinking explained. Theres a man by the name of Janice who can help you make your way to the wizards tower. He fancies himself a bit of a sorcerer, and sells all manner of unique magical items and trinkets that you will likely find useful.



He wished me luck, paid me a sizable amount in advance, and set me up for a night in the local inn (see, what did I tell you?). I was ready to set out the next morning. The inn wasnt much to talk about. I was afforded a hearty meal and a clean warm bed. Thats the best you can ask for in this part of the country.



I set out down the southern road as I was instructed. The townsfolk again stared inquiringly, this time Id give them a small wave or flash a knowing smile. When I came back, this town would know my name for the rest of its days.











CHAPTER TWO



This road went on forever. It wasnt a big deal though. I was used to long journeys. This one was a bit different than Id ever experienced before. After several days, I could see the outline of the forest in the distance. The closer I got, the more anxious I felt. It wasnt like me to feel this way. Believe me, I know fear. If you can face a Devil Lord and not feel the cold grip of near death seize your mind, then you are a stronger man than I. And you are not a stronger man than I.



As the forest drew nearer, I came across the hut of the sorcerer Janice, just as I was told. It was set back some ways from the dusty road, barely visible amidst a field of tall grass. I didnt know what to expect, so I fingered the hilt of my broadsword as I carefully knocked on the large wooden door. If this sounds dramatic, believe me, it felt just as much so. This felt like the beginning of a proper adventure. Tension was high as I waited at the doorstep. There was no answer, so after a while, I carefully opened the door. It was unlocked, which I expected. I mean, I dont imagine Janice got many visitors this far out. I announced myself loudly, and entered.



I found Janice dozing in a side room off the main hallway. He was upright in a chair, and didnt look like I had expected at all. No fancy wizardy clothes. No ridiculous wizard hat. I questioned whether this was the right guy or not. He was supposed to be a sorcerer, right? I carefully nudged him from across the table, ready to recoil in case of an emergency. Waking a man in his own home seemed like a good way to start this exchange off on the wrong foot. He stirred, opened his eyes, and fell back in his chair comically.



I immediately ran around to help him up. He was startled and shaken, but not hurt, and after the initial shock wore off he seemed to have expected me.



Well, I didnt expect you in particular, he told me. I get visitors here every so often. Travellers on their way into Darkwood, or around it. Mostly around it. Im sure youve felt it, in the air? Theres an evil creeping out from those trees. Ive lived here, selling goods for most of my life, and Ive never felt anything like this before.



Quite a foreboding story he told me, indeed. But it was all the same to me. Every adventure came with a similar tale of fear amongst the common folk. Janice explained to me he wasnt so much a sorcerer as a trader who dabbled in magic, himself intrigued by the trinkets he sold. But he was otherwise just a commoner. He found himself still feeling safe enough to stay, but knew if nothing were to be done, hed have to pack up and leave his life behind. He was happy to see me, and that worked out well for me. He explained he couldnt spare much, as his trinkets were his livelihood, but he offered me to take any three items of my choosing.



Everything this guy sold was enchanted in some way. Rings, amulets, necklaces, bangles, wristbands, all with unique magical effects. There were many that caught my eye. A jade ring that fortified its wearers resolve. Another held a pearlescent opal gem that made the wearer jump two feet higher in the air. I thought that was pretty cool. But I chose three:



A bronzed armband that shackled its wearers weapon to his hand, preventing disarmament. I liked this at first because it matched my breastplate. The effect was pretty useful too.



A silver gold ring with a sapphire, or some other blue gam studded into it. It was supposed to reflect some magics, at least partially. He offered to show me. He conjured a small orange fire in his right hand and lobbed it at me. I recoiled, as it hit me in the shoulder, but it rolled off and down my leg onto the floor leaving me unharmed. I stomped the fire out before it could set the place on fire. I knew Janice had to be serious about helping me to let go of such a precious trinket for free.

The last item I chose was an apple sized glass sphere containing a pinkish red smoke that swirled throughout it. I chose this not only because of its sheer beauty, but because I could feel a calmness spread through my body like a dip in a warm bath as I held it. The evil presence that had invaded my body was washed away, and a new confidence overtook me.



With great thanks, I bid Janice farewell, walked back out into the bright sunlight, and continued along down the road.





CHAPTER THREE



Ive been through a lot. Ive said it before, but Ive been adventuring for nearly two decades. Ive been through hell and back, literally. This was going to be just another notch in my hilt, another wagon full of gold to be delivered to my estate. The fear I had felt before was nonexistent while I carried my new gifts. I felt like I could take on anything. A wizard? No big deal. It would be something Id have to wing, but I had all the confidence I needed to take him on. The trees started to close in around me.



I knew the path would lead straight to the tower, and that I was less than a days travel away, if I moved quick and wasnt slowed down. I had plenty of time to think as I walked, about how to handle my upcoming battle. I was going to have to kill a man. It wouldnt be the first time, and its always easier when its justified, but it always requires a bit of mental preparation. People will talk about killing a bad guy, but dont think about what that involves. I would have to run a man through with my broadsword, and watch him bleed out to make sure he was dead for sure. And then Id have to collect proof. Cut off and ear, or a hand. You dont get paid without proof of completion.



It takes a proper readiness and foresight. How do you even kill a wizard? Do they bleed? Do you have to cut their head off? What if they cant be killed? I sure would be in a predicament if that was the case. But the thought of the treasure, and the confidence being radiated from my pouch soldiered me along.



The further I walked, the darker the sky became. It wasnt the trees closing in. This was an old growth forest, but where sunlight should have filtered in through the canopy, a darkness showered down instead, like a black fog. I started to feel my confidence wane. Even with the amulet, I started to feel afraid. Without it, I knew my knees would have buckled and Id have been left in a shivering pile to be eaten by whatever dark beasts slunk just out of sight.



It was impossible to tell if it was day or night. It was impossible even to tell how much time had passed since Id left the daylight. Time felt meaningless here, like it stood still, but moved forward and backwards at the same time as well. It perplexed me, and shook me. It did seem like it was still day. The dark fog was nearly opaque, but not completely. I could see the road in front of me, and even if I couldnt have, I now felt drawn deeper into the darkness. I couldnt turn back now if I tried, and all paths led to the same place.



I quickened my pace. If it was in fact still day, I didnt want to find out what would happen come night. I travelled forwards for an indiscernible amount of time, when before me, out of the darkness, appeared suddenly and without warning a massive structure of incredible scale. I fell back, feeling as though I had just been attacked by the thing. My resolve nearly broke as my eyes wandered up, up into the sky. The blackness swirled around where the top should have been, like a tornado, sucking pure evil from the heavens. I stood up, readied my weapon, and walked forward once more.



I searched for a door, but found nothing. I circled the mighty structure twice, but only found smooth, black onyx walls. The walls were hot to the touch, and in doing so, Id have dropped my sword if it werent for the armband I was wearing. I stood back at where the road ended, and wondered what to do. I felt so completely unprepared for such an event. I couldnt turn back now. There was only one way forward, and that way seemed blocked to me. I grew angry. The darkness was beginning to eat at my mind, and I felt crazy, like I was losing my sanity. I did the only thing I could. I thrust my sword into the air and thundered, XELABAR! SHOW YOURSELF!



At that instant, as if in response, the sword was ripped from my hand and thrown backwards, far into the distance, causing excruciating pain, and once again throwing me backwards onto the ground. Bright lightning struck the wall in front of me, temporarily blinding me. I sat up, nursing my crippled hand and wrist, unable to see for several minutes. As my vision returned, I saw that all around me, the forest had disappeared. A blanket of black encircled the round tower. And a doorway had appeared.



The front of the tower now had a black doorway, at ground level, like a gaping wound in the solid fascia. All around the new wound oozed a black, tar like substance. I wasnt keen to discover what this new substance was, and I stepped over it as I walked into the darkness.





CHAPTER 4



As I entered the tower, the feeling of dread I had outside seemed to immediately dissipate. The inside was well lit, with white marble walls, and a white marble circular staircase leading up to a second floor landing. The lighting in particular was bizarre. The flames were black, and seemed to emanate no light, but still the interior was as bright as daylight. I have to admit that I was glad to see light again, but despite the absence of dread, it seemed to have been replaced by an overwhelming unease. Something was not right here. Something bad was going to happen.



The dcor inside the tower lacked all the features of the outside. Whiteness pervaded, and the walls were lined with exquisite classical paintings, silver candelabras, and inset planters with ivy that draped down the walls, nearly to the ground. To look up was futile. It was impossible to tell the ceiling from the walls, as the perfect dome, uniform lighting, and pure whiteness created the illusion of blindness.



I looked back and found the gaping wound had sealed itself shut, and it now appeared as though there had never been a door at all. There was nowhere to go but up. I felt naked without my sword by my side. All I had to defend myself with was a small dirk and small round buckler fastened to my back. I took one step up the stairs. Then another. Then another. At the fourth step, I began to hear a soft music in my ears. Like a classical, orchestral piece, but slow, and eerie. With each step up the music increased in volume, until at the landing it pervaded the air, feeling like silk in my ears.



At the top of the landing, I was greeted by a woman that I hadnt seen. It was immediately obvious why I hadnt noticed her. She was wearing a long flowing gown, all white, with white gloves that covered the entirety of both of her arms. She wore a white veil over her face, and behind it, barely visible, was the face of a beautiful woman, looking into my eyes, and right through me at the same time. She motioned for me to follow her with a single finger, and walked towards the solid white wall, disappearing into it, fading like mist. With nowhere else to go, I pulled out my small dagger and shield and walked towards the wall.







CHAPTER 5



I felt ice cold. Frigid, like Id never felt before in my life. It made my bones ache, my heard stop. I have no idea what happened to me next, but I seemed to fade from existence. Everything was dark, and then I was back again. But I was no longer in the light anymore. As my body warmed, and my vision returned, what I saw was terrifying. I was on top of the tower. At least, I think I was. I stood on a dark black onyx surface, I recognized as the same as the tower walls. I was completely surrounded by the blackness again. Above, the sky swirled, and black clouds poured downwards over the sides of the spire.



And in front of me was my foe. This was no wizard. Xelabar was perhaps a wizard in life, but no longer. What floated in front of me, several feet off the ground, was an entity of pure evil. Xelabar was a Lich, and from the looks of it, a powerful one. Larger than life, and draped in scraps of black garments, energy radiated from him, like heat distortion from a burning fire. This was a foe beyond any Devil Lord of the Nine Hells. This was a being from a plane beyond our own, and one that I knew right then and there would be my downfall.



All of my planning and preparation could not have prepared me for this. Even with my broadsword, Id have stood no chance against such an apparition of pure evil. No weapon could pierce his body, for there was none to be seen. I had no magic, but even the most powerful wizard could not have done battle with this monstrosity. What evil overcame the Wizard Xelabar to damn him to this fate? Or was this the path he chose? Who would choose this, and what for? Power? Renown? This creature had brought ruin to all of Darkwood. How long before it wrought destruction to all of the lands? And what of my estate? Whos going to get all of my gold when I die?



This final thought stiffened my resolve. I understood what had to be done. I might be the only chance this world has. Instead of saving a town, a city, my own estate, this might be my chance to save the whole world.



These thoughts all passed through my mind in an instant, and I knew what had to be done. At once, I dodged and rolled to the side, only just in time to avoid a massive green ball of fire, or energy, or something. It stuck the ground, making a sizzling and crackling sound, and I rolled out of the way as the fire spilled over the ground before dissipating. I stood up as quickly as possible and readied myself for an assault. I had no idea at this point what I was going to do, but I was ready nonetheless.



Xelabar hissed, and a black forked tongue slid out of it his mouth, waving about as if mocking me. I saw it coming with time to spare, the green spark lighting up within the demons hands, and I prepared to dodge the oncoming assault. I couldnt have been prepared for what came next. It was no projectile this time. The ground beneath the creatures dark gown lit up in the same green fire, this time rolling outwards in all directions, including directly towards me. I knew this would be it, there was no dodging this. In a second I would be consumed by the fire and burnt to ashes, my quest failed, the world destined to ruin. I fell backwards and rolled to my stomach and awaited my doom. Would it hurt? Will my soul be consumed? What will happen to all of my gold?



In a moment, I felt the hot fire roll over my body. But I wasnt burned. The fire simply rolled over me, leaving me untouched, undamaged, unharmed. What happened? Then I remembered - the RING. I realized it in a flash. The ring! I had forgotten all about the ring. It had protected me from death. It gave me an idea. Maybe Xelabar could be defeated after all. I was given a second chance, and it filled me with determination.



I stood up slowly, turned around, and looked my enemy directly in the spot where his eyes should have been. He hissed again, and I stepped towards him. From behind his back, he pulled out a gnarled black wooden staff, jabbed it into the ground and this time, a shockwave poured forth from it, like a tidal wave of force directly at me. It struck me directly in my chest, and I was thrown backwards onto the ground, and slid backwards to the edge of the tower. My head hung backwards over the edge of the spire, the razor sharp edge cutting my neck. Before I could stand up, I saw another attack incoming. This time a spiraling vortex of green and red flames. This struck my breastplate, and bounced off into the blackness behind me, pushing me just a bit further towards the edge. I panicked at this point, nearly at the tipping point. I grasped at whatever I could finding only my pouch by my side.



Inside of the pouch, I felt something smooth, glassy, and warm. The orb. As I touched it I again felt its warmth within me, first in my hand, then my arm, then through my chest. I felt courage again in my heart, and was able to spin around and sit up. But it was too late. Once again, the Lich had struck the ground with his staff, and I saw the wave of force racing towards me. I had nothing left to do. I was going to die. I threw the orb into the oncoming wave.





CRASH





An epic explosion. I felt nothing but a warm breeze, but all around me. The black clouds were being pushed away, further and further into the distance, revealing the blue sky above. The sunlight now enveloped the black tower, showing off beneath it an iridescent, pearly white shell. With a terrible screech, like nothing Ive ever heard before, the evil Lich Xelabar was vaporized, and disappeared in a puff of smoke, blown off into the distance by the warm summer breeze that now filled the air.





CHAPTER SIX



I stood up, and looked around. All the lands, far into the distance could be seen. The forest below, now shimmered an emerald green, and the road could be seen winding through it. In the distance, the town of Silverton could be seen. I looked back at it, thinking to myself of the treasures that awaited me. I could already hear the cheers of the townsfolk, crying my name in celebration. I had defeated a Lich. And I was damn proud of it. Now, all I had to do was figure out how to get off of this tower.



I spun around, and behind me again was the lady in white. She offered me her hand, and without question I took it. Everything faded to white this time, and I felt a chill run down my spine, but I didnt freeze like the first time. When I could see again, I was back in the bottom of the tower, standing on the second floor landing. Above me now, where the ceiling should have been, I could now see the sky, as though through a shimmering veil. There was nobody there. Nobody came to explain to me any of what happened. Nobody came to wish me luck on my return trip. Just an empty room. But now the room featured a door again.



I didnt stick around. I was exhausted, weary from travel and battle, but I didnt want to spend another minute in that tower, or Darkwood Forest for that matter. Walking back along the road, I felt as though the forest might be ready for a name change. The walk was beautiful. I enjoyed the scenery, and had plenty of time to think again, and reflect upon all that had happened to me.



I hoped when I got back to town I could get some answers. Truthfully, I wasnt even entirely sure I wanted them. It would be easy to take my pay and run, but this had been the most powerful creature I had yet faced. I thought that I might sleep better if I could make sense of things. Who was Xelabar anyway? What is the history of the tower? What happened that lead to this unfortunate series of events? I hoped that I would get some answers back in Silverton.



I cleared the forest, and the sky opened up over my head once more. It was still a cloudless day, although the sun was sinking low in the sky. I knew Id need to camp soon. I had decided to return the trinkets to Janice. Although they were powerful beyond imagination, and similarly valuable, they were not mine to keep. They had served their purpose, and I was happy  eager, really, to return them. I did so, just after the sun had set. Janice rejoiced at my return, and I detailed as much of my journey to him as I could, over a hearty meal.



I felt the evil presence leave in an instant!, He exclaimed to me. I put my faith in you, and you returned. These trinkets are yours to keep if you wish. Its the least I could do for you. I refused, but accepted a generous gold payment.



The last part of the journey, back to Silverton, was uneventful. I arrived after several days. I walked back into the town to be greeted by the same inquisitive faces. I should have realized, even news of this import couldnt travel so fast. I thought to myself, Ill leave town before word gets out. I wasnt too concerned about the fact. Ive ended many adventures on such a dull note. I prefer the fanfare, but more often than not, I leave town as soon as possible. This time, I was ready to head back to my estate and enjoy my well-deserved reward.



I walked quickly towards the town hall. It was early in the morning, and the same woman sat behind the reception as before. She looked up at me, same blank stare as before. I suspect youre looking for Mr. Pinking. Hes out of town. He wont be back for a few days.



I sighed heavily. I scribbled down a note and passed it to her, and started back home.





Xelabars Dead

Then I woke up. It was all a dream.


(the ending was just to piss my girlfriend off - and, well, I couldn't think of any proper conclusion. Hope you liked it anyway!)