I was their dream. I was their fairy-tale princess. I was the one who could never be kept down. 

I was their worst nightmare. I was their story book monster. I was the one who was lost.

They all loved me, and I knew it. I would play up for their pleasure, push my luck and fight them in the most tempting way. I was once told that I was the dangerous kind of girl, the kind of girl who could ruin lives, and I guess I did, but not in the way they expected. Everything, every part of me called them to me, from the smile that played on my lips as I teased them to the challenge permanently held in my eye. Everything about me just seemed so alive. Everything about me seemed so real. Everything about me was fake.

Do you know how it feels to lie awake at 3am, when the rest of the world is sleeping? With a pain in your chest that swells and subsides with your breathing. With tired eyes and no energy. But with nothing, absolutely nothing, in your head. That was me. I could make myself into fire, I could make myself into a dream, I could pretend that I was that girl. But I was empty.

Id learnt that in life youre either on top or youre nothing, and I never intended to be nothing. Self-image was everything, my hair long and bright red, skin pale and eyes lined with precision. My hips flicked as I walked and I would laugh at men who stared, thinking they had a chance. I was better than them in every way, I was desired, out there it was my world and really they never stood a chance. But the ones who did? Boy they were in for a roller coaster.

That awkward first boyfriend feeling is one I never wish to repeat. Not being sure of each other, not knowing the boundaries, not being ready. I was lucky I guess, that my first boyfriend, although older than me, was a complete pussycat. I was 13, he was 15. Not a massive difference granted, but dating a year 11 did give me a certain amount of status that I was reluctant to relinquish. I never loved him, Im pretty sure I barely even liked him, but I used him to pass the time. However, I got too cocky. I broke up with him and feeling some kind of weird power rush immediately started up with one of his friends. I was young, I didnt have a clue what I was doing or letting myself in for. They say you pass at least 2 rapists every day. I ended up dating one. I will never forget what he did, I will never forgive him, but I will never let it affect me. Nobody believed what he was like until he did it to another girl years later, but by then everyone had forgotten about me, and thats how I preferred it. 

 I was pretty messed up for a while, but I had some of the best times of my life. Standing on the edge of a roof with good friends, bellowing our favourite songs at the top of our lungs as we stared at our city lit up in the night. Feeling invincible as people got out of our way, and what good is life without a couple of police stories?

I got myself back on track and evened myself out. I was somewhat bored with behaving, but then I met Bill. He was 21 when I met him, I was 15. I felt completely out of control with him, being around him was dangerous, but not in a way that scared me. He was my first, we were together on and off for seven months, barely seeing each other. The first time he stayed round we slept together and he didnt use protection. Never, ever let a boy do that to you, its not worth it. Hed been sleeping with his best friend the entire time we were together and when she found out about me, in a jealous burst she found me on Facebook and told me everything. I guess it should have hurt, but it didnt.

Have you ever dated someone old enough to be your father? I have. I met Gianni online, never intending to be more than friends. I was restless and reckless with my flirting, and after leading him on who was I to refuse him a date? I knew before I met him what he was like; muscular, volatile and depressed. He never laid a hand on me like that, I went out with him and we talked about everything, anything. I was panicking inside of course, but acting is my forte, so he never even guessed. He fell harder for me than anyone ever had and I felt trapped. He wanted to die, said he had nothing else to live for. Nothing but me. But you see he fell in love with a girl who doesnt exist and that girl didnt quite know how to undo the mess she got herself into. I tried to break down contact, that only made him worse. I spoke to his friends, he thought Id ruined him but they pulled together around him and helped him. I slowly faded out. He still texts me sometimes, says it hurts him like hell, Ill admit Its extremely unpleasant for me too, but mainly due to the fact that I dated someone 20 years older than myself. I dont think hell ever heal, but hes not quite as broken as he was before.

And now they call me stacked, because Im quite well endowed for my age. Now I know everyone and Im living my childhood dream in a body that feels broken with a mind that feels too weary to do this for much longer. Now Im angry. Now Im just looking for a fight. Now my name is Emily, Im 15 years old and perhaps Im just too old for this shit.
