[Part 1](https://www.reddit.com/r/shortstories/comments/431ybi/rfms_hymn_of_the_lions_part_1/)

The cathedral bell bellowed out in a cacophony of clanging as we walked down the sidewalk towards St. Mary Magdalene's Catholic Church of Falspring. The morning air was crisp and cold, but the packs of families surrounding my grandmother and I shielded us from the whistling wind. The air was rife with the smell of perfume and cologne, and mothers and fathers hushed their children as we walked through the open doors.

The inside of the church was a bit more grandiose than I had expected. The dark red sanctuary spilled a trail of crimson down its step and in between the dozens of rows of pews, splitting them into twin columns filled with the writhing, impatient masses of the townspeople. The four grey walls of the building rose up and ambiguously came together to form the ceiling, the inside of the steeple, where wooden walkways crossed over each other and ropes dangled. Pale shafts of light illuminated sections of the bronze bell at the top, which was barely visible through all of the paths leading up to it from the hollowed walls. I wondered what it was like to ascend through the structure.

Stained glass windows, each with their own biblical depiction, filtered and painted the beams of sunlight which penetrated the buzzing air of the church and came down upon the heads of those in the pews. Centered on the wall opposite the entrance, Jesus hung on his cross facing us, a look of pain and love adorning his face. The wall was occasionally dotted with electric lights, dimmed so as not to blind the churchgoers. Some of them were positioned behind Jesus and the cross. An elongated shadow of his figure stretched out imposingly across the red tongue of carpet, which wormed its way towards me. 

I felt a sudden rush of heat in my body. It reached my face when I glimpsed Evelyn and her father seated in a row to the right of us, up ahead. I continued to stare at her father, Robert, as we sat down in a pew on the left. He was a gaunt man, moderately tall and skinny. He wore a black button-down shirt, which loosely hung on his frame. He wiped at beads of sweat trailing down the back of his neck with a shaking sleeve, his eyes occasionally darting this way and that. Evelyn was wearing a black blouse and white pants, her brown hair made into a ponytail, which was kept by a small golden hair tie. She kept her eyes on her hands, which were folded neatly in her lap.

The air suddenly became still and quiet and I felt my grandmother's hand on my shoulder.

"Look William, here's your grandpa." She said in a hushed, yet excited tone.

My grandpa had entered from behind one of the draped red curtains on the left side of the sanctuary, crossing it with a noble and yet humble air. His black robe slowly swayed with his steps and then came to a pause as he took his position behind the pulpit. He took some time adjusting his white collar and straightening the short crop of grey hair atop his head before affixing his gaze on the audience, his tired eyes slowly scanning the crowd. When they finally returned to the pulpit, he opened his bible. The crowds collectively released their held breath as Father Marc Mitchell began to speak.

----------------------------------------------------

"And so, my sons and daughters, fear not, for though the night is dark and the days are long and are sometimes filled with doubts, know that the Lord is always by our side, for we are strong, and we do what we must in order to survive, in order to draw breath so that we may continue to abide by His word. We live by His word and we pass by His word, and when we do so, we shall find ourselves at His feet, and He shall bestow upon us the rest we so deserve."

The crowds seemed to sigh in relief at his words, which had clearly been spoken before in different phrasing. 

"Now, as you all now, it's now time for our little question and answer session. It is for any of those who have doubts, or unmentioned prayers that they need help with, or anything you can think of. Have at it. I am only a subservient extension of the Lord's will, and I will do all in my power to quell your fears, my children."

A young man in the back spoke up. "My son was taken into the police station for thievery the other day, and they let him go without a charge. Should I not feel guilt, Father? Should I punish the boy? I'm at a loss. Our family has lost a lot of money in recent years ever since my wife ran away from us and we've been struggling. I understand the boy's desire to help put bread on the table, but-"

"Oh my son. My son, my son. What your boy did is already forgiven in the Lord's eyes."

The man placed his head in his hands and began to shake silently.

"I remember you. The Feller family. Fear not, my son, for the Lord is with you. He understands your hardship. 'Proverbs 6:30; People do not despise a thief if he steals to satisfy his hunger when he is starving.' Have no fear. Send your boy here tomorrow after school lets out and I will speak with him. It'll be alright, son. We will take care of this."

The man nodded, wiping tears from his eyes. "Thank you, Father."

I glanced to my left and saw my grandmother wiping her eyes with a cloth. It was touching, indeed. I didn't know my grandfather was so actively helpful with the community.

"'1 Samuel 2:7; The Lord sends poverty and wealth; He humbles and He exalts.' As we fall, so do we also rise. There is a graceful balance to the world and those who hath felt the wrath of hardship needn't fear it for eternity. All things come together as they hath previously fallen apart. The Lord's design is beautiful and mysterious. It is not to be fully understood by humanity, yet still  accepted. In the past, this town endured many years of hardship when the mine ran out of coal. But we did not falter. The grace of the Lord blessed us and we rose up from the ashes, despite having nothing to keep us warm but His will. His will is strong and will carry endless weight without sinking. Fear not, for He is always with us. This town has within it the blood of gazelles and lions. As some of us fall, so do the rest of us rise. And we pick each other up. Suffering is never in vain, my children. It is all temporary and rewarded greatly when we trust in His word and push forth."

----------------------------------------

The mood in the building had entirely shifted from how it had begun. The stirring air was now filled with the sounds of laughter and endless smiles surrounded me.

As my grandmother and I exited the church, she took the sleeve of a man passing us by and pulled him towards us.

"William, I'd like to introduce you to the newest addition to our town's police force. William, Officer Matthew Daniels; Officer Daniels, this is my grandson, William."

The man shook my hand, shifting his questioning yet polite gaze between my grandmother and myself. He was taller than me and fairly young, looking to be in about his late twenties. He had short brown hair and friendly eyes of the same color.

"Well, how do you do, there, Will! I've already heard about you from your grandfather. He's got a fairly strong rapport with the police force; likes to keep people out of trouble just like ourselves, and oftentimes he'll take folks in under his wing who can't find shelter or forgiveness of their own accord. Heard some of em' even work part-time for the church now."

His eyes took on a strange look for a split-second and once more glanced at my grandmother before returning to me.

"You're in good hands. He's a kind fellow."

There was a bit of a silence as we all sat there deciding what to say.

"You see," my grandmother spoke up, "Officer Daniels came in from Philadelphia. Thought he'd had enough of that big city life and all of that trouble that tends to go on up there. Figured Falspring was a nice town to come down and work for, and we really needed the help. This town is now growin' like nobody's business, and we knew Officer Daniels'd be the perfect help. We've got our own troubles up here too, you know."

"Well, I wouldn't really say that. It's a nice town! Just what I was hoping for." Officer Daniels laughed and scratched the back of his head a little. "I'm sure I won't have to worry about running into you on the streets. I can already tell you're a good kid."

"That he is, Mr. Daniels. He's a blessing."

He laughed and gave my hair a ruffle. "Well, I oughta get going. Who knows what they could be needin' me for down there. I'll see you around, son! Keep an eye out for trouble. If you need any help, just ask for me. Here's the number for the office."

He handed me a card and gave a little salute before he went off on his way.

"Well, he's a sweet man." My grandmother said through a smile. "I trust you won't need his help, hopefully. Best not be gettin' into trouble, you here? I know how seventeen-year olds can be. The world is your oyster. Just better not let it close on you! Ha!"

"Haha, right. No worries, grandma. Well, I'm gonna go find Evy. My homework's done and everything."

"Good boy. Be careful. Here's twenty dollars in case you get hungry and don't feel like coming home and letting your boring grandmother feed you. We love you very much." She said before planting a kiss on my forehead and handing me the bill. Very embarrassing. 

"Thanks grandma. We'll be careful, love you too."

----------------------------------

Evelyn and I had been together for a while today and it was dark at this point. We slowly walked down main street, hands tucked into our pockets. The town looked picturesque and almost cartoonish. Antique shops with foggy windows radiated warm light, casting amber glow onto faded, cracked stop signs whose metal posts creaked in the wind. Flecks of snow blew around, skipping across the vacant, frozen streets like small tumbleweeds. Flying through the sky in patterns, like flocks of grackles flying from trees in suburban parking lots. It felt like we'd already seen the whole town, despite seeing only perhaps a third of it. Almost every structure looked the same. Quaint and cozy and old. Crumbling and rotting monuments to the ancient, rural america, filled with people who looked like they'd come from the past. 

It was a town stuck in a time capsule. I turned my head, peering into the night sky every direction I could, my vision being met by an eventual, ambiguous wall of white snow. I couldn't see any further than a couple blocks. It felt like we were stuck in a snow globe. I'd started to forget about the world outside of this place. It had started to seem alien. Intimidating. But it wasn't just the outside that was making my heart skip beats. This place... It had such a hidden air of unease to it. Everything looked fine. But I had the nagging feeling that it wasn't. I had to constantly brush that feeling off, in order to maintain some semblance of sanity. In order to feel the comfort I wanted to feel in these moments with Evy. I glanced to my left past Evy, observing a small clothing store that was beginning to close down. An elderly woman was absentmindedly refolding clothing, readjusting things that were already in order. It would have been a nice sight if she hadn't been staring at us out of the corners of her eyes the entire time. 

"Evy, you see that lady? She just keeps staring at us."

"I saw it. I think it's just because you're still new here and everybody wants to know why in the world I'd want to be walking around the town with an outsider, and not somebody like Grant Walker."

She made a gagging noise and giggled a bit. I thought she was at ease but she took my hand and held it tight. I could feel her tremble unnaturally, more than from just the cold. I knew she was feeling the same apprehension I was. Perhaps even more.

"Makes sense, I guess."

We had a silent agreement not to go too far outside of the town again, due to what had happened at that old playground a week prior. So we kept to the sidewalk, to the town. It was better, at least. 

Once we'd reached Town Square, we decided to take a breather and sit down on one of the wooden benches under an old tree. This was my favorite part of town. It was fairly large and square shaped like any other block, spanning about a quarter-mile in diameter. Town Hall sat opposite to us in the distance, its large concrete pillars more of an aesthetic than an actual support to the massive building. It was about four stories tall, with numerous gold trimmed windows and an old stone balcony near the top, lined with a waist high concrete railing and small snow covered shrubs. 

The main square itself was like the small-town version of central park, minus the crowds. As a matter of fact, there was no one in sight. A large sidewalk blanketed in white made a perfectly symmetrical cross that intersected in the center of the park, the four paths stretching out to each end of the perimeter. The four snowy quadrants were filled with a variation of American Larches, Eastern Red Cedars and White Oak trees, all of them heavily draped in the frozen remnants of the endless winter sky. 

It all would've looked a bit more natural if not for the large bronze statue in the medial of the forested park. The figure depicted was the old mayor of this town, Henry Caldwell. He had been a big financial proponent of the old coal mine, and here he was in front of us, reminding us. His bronze hands perched atop his shovel, a proud look upon his face, as if he'd been any part of the physical labor that had taken place. Supposedly after the deceivingly small coal mine had been exhausted of resources and the town had realized that the investment had been for almost nothing, he'd started drinking heavily and wouldn't allow anyone into his office. He was eventually found hunched over his desk with a letter opener stuck in his throat, the whiskey glass underneath him overflowing with his blood. I'd heard that some of the quieter, more superstitious people in the town liked to say that his blood dripped down through the building and soaked through the ground, down into the mine which ran underneath the town, cursing it. They say that it was destined to be cursed, that it never should have been touched. One of my grandfather's friends, a board member of the town's local government, had taken over the mayorship after Henry had passed. This is the man who still currently holds office; Mayor Edward Kensworth. Some of the older folks in town affectionately refer to him as "Mr. February", on account of the month he had come into office and rescued the town from its financial hardship. My grandfather had apparently worked with him in a joint effort to make this happen, though he denied it when I'd asked him about it in the past. 'Oh, I did no such thing, lad. I simply wanted to help an old friend and I've known this man for a long time. I know how to work with him. He's a strange one but I swear he's the left hand of the Lord himself, and I couldn't sit back and let him do it all on his own. I was less of a help than the townsfolk give me credit for. It was simply the will of the Lord that pushed us forth to salvation.'

Evelyn padded more snow off of the bench and huddled closer next to me, shaking me from my thought.

"Are you too cold? We can go home if you want."

"I'd rather sit here for a little while longer. It's nice. I don't usually enjoy this view as much as I am right now. It's interesting seeing it through your eyes. I can see you thinking. What about?"

"Oh, nothing really. Just thinking about this town. It's a strange place. Quite a dark history for how nice everybody says it is now. I wonder how it got this way. I can never really find a clear answer. I guess I'm just curious."

"Maybe it's better not to be, Will. Some things are meant to be left alone. We just need to graduate and get out of here. I mean, if that's what you want."

"Wherever you go, I go."

She tucked her knees in under her jacket and I put my arm around her shoulders. We sat like that for a while. I thought about that car ride on the way to Falspring, how I'd embraced the cold wind coming in through the window. I'd liked how it had numbed me back then. Now I enjoyed it for the feeling of life it gave me. The frost invigorated my tired bones. The snowflakes on my cheek reminded me how nice it is to feel something real.

"Tag!" I tapped her shoulder and ran out into the snow.

"Will! What are you, five? Get back here, I wasn't ready!"

"Only if you come get me!"

We lost track of time, running through the snow. We hid behind trees, ducked around the statue. Packed the ice into snowballs and threw them at each other. She was chasing after me and soon she'd caught up, tackling me into the snow. We laughed until our sides hurt. We'd been having so much fun I hadn't realized how exhausted I was until then. She rolled off of me, spreading her arms and legs, making a snow angel. 

"I forgot what it was like to feel like a kid!" She chuckled.

I laughed and followed suit. Soon we both had full-fledged snow angels and were laying there catching our breath. The snow started to fall faster, drifting to the ground to lay down with us. I can't remember how long we'd been there in the snow. It didn't matter at the time. We were together. We were alive. We were happy. We'd forgotten about the world around us, forgotten our sadness, our doubts.

And then I heard it.

crunch

I immediately sat up, looking around. It almost felt like it had gotten darker. The dim amber glow from the lamps surrounding the park wasn't enough to give me good enough vision to make anything out in the inky darkness, especially with the sheets of snow steadily drifting down. Evelyn sat up and began to look around as well.

"I heard it too."

We pushed our backs together and held our breath, eyes constantly shifting. I kept thinking I saw something move in various locations near the trees but I couldn't be sure.

"Will. Will, turn around." She whispered, panic shaking her breath.

I did as she said, and I saw what she saw, and we both stood up and began to slowly back up.

Two figures completely dressed in black were making their way out of the shadows.

crunch

I jolted and turned around. There was another one coming from the blackness behind me. They were all about twenty to thirty yards away, but they were steadily walking towards us. Closing in on us. My hand gripped Evelyn's wrist, but I didn't know what to do. I had no power. I felt helpless. I couldn't move. 

They had formed a triangle around us now. There was nowhere to run. The three dark figures stood tall, dim golden light reflecting off of the snow on their heads and shoulders. They glistened like dark angels in the night. I could tell by the shape of their bodies that they were men. One of them raised a gloved finger to his mask while another one spoke up in a flat, smooth voice.

"She's going to have to come with us."

My heart simultaneously froze and erupted into spastic, irregular beats. I began to shake, matching Evelyn's rhythm of fear. I had nothing to say. I knew that I couldn't just let them take her from me but I didn't think I could stop them either. I removed my hand from her wrist and let my arms hang, trying to look as though I wasn't about to spring into action. But I didn't know when I should. I was stuck. There was no real solution, no real plan. The amber-lit snow continued to fall around us, but everything was at a complete standstill. Until one of them took a step closer. And then there was light. Flashing red and blue light.

None of us had noticed the police car slowly encroaching upon the edge of the park. Before I could think again, I heard a voice call out. A voice I faintly recognized.

"Don't move!"

I began to make out the police officer slowly approaching with his gun drawn. It was officer Daniels. His other hand raised his radio to his mouth.

"Dispatch, 10-18, 10-18, need assistance asap. Three suspicious persons in black in the park at Town Square, I don't know if they're armed. Over."

One of the figures slowly raised his finger to point at Daniels and another took his hand and made a cross gesture over his chest.

"I said don't move! I'm warning you!"

Daniels' radio returned feedback. "Officer Daniels, hold off until we arrive at the scene. I repeat, hold off."

"Don't interfere." The third one spoke.

"Put your hands behind your head or I'm going to shoot!"

"Don't interfere." Another repeated.

One of them began to approach officer Daniels with a hand out as another began to pull something from his hip. Before I could cover my ears, Matthew Daniels opened fire.

Several deafening gunshots rang out and the bright muzzle flashes partially blinded me. When my vision fully returned and the shock wore off, I looked at Evelyn. Her green eyes were wide in terror and her face was speckled with blood. I raised a sleeve to wipe it from her face but only added to it. She began to cry and collapsed as I fell onto my knees with her. Daniels had been checking the bodies, pulling weapons from their corpses and tossing them, but he turned around and put his hands on our shoulders. 

"Hey hey hey, it's alright, it's alright now. C'mon, let's get you two out of here, quickly. You don't have to see this anymore."

He helped us get to our feet and rushed us over to his squad car, turning his head in all directions as we jogged. After he'd let us into the back and closed the door, I could hear him on his radio outside as I made out two other police cars approaching.

"Suspects are down. I repeat, suspects are down. They were armed and pulled a gun on me. I had to open fire."

We sat in the back and said nothing as we listened to Daniels and two other officers argue.

"They were armed, what was I supposed to do, let them take the kids?! Jesus Christ!"

"You were given an order, Daniels. You could've shot the children. Be more cooperative next time. If there is a next time. We'll have to talk to the chief about this. Marc won't be happy either."

He sighed and responded. "Right. Sorry."

"Let us talk to the kids. Give us a moment."

He handed them the keys and soon, both doors opened up on either side of us.

Two gruff looking police officers, a woman and a man, took knees next to us and looked us over. The man was average height with a grayish-blonde beard and dead-looking eyes; he looked to be about to about in his late fifties. The woman on Evy's side was in her thirties, with short black dyed-black hair and a strange smile.

"You kids alright?" The woman spoke. "That must've been something. Sorry about that."

"We're ok." I lied. "We just need to get home."

-----------------------------------------

"Ah shit. Evelyn, Will. I'm so sorry you had to see that. There are bad people out there and I had to make a decision. I'm sorry."

"It's ok, officer." I responded.

"Call me Matt, please. I think it's better if we get past the formalities at this point."

"Ok."

We continued to move in silence after he'd gotten our addresses. Once we'd dropped Evelyn off, it was just Daniels and I in the car. At the nearest stop light, he made sure his radio was turned off and turned to look at me.

"You need to be more careful around here, Will. This town isn't right. I don't know what it is but I know it. I can't give you any more information than that right now. It's better if we keep it that way for the time being. Take this, it's my cell phone number. If you notice anything suspicious at all, contact me immediately."

I took the paper and glanced at him, making eye contact. His eyes were so unwavering I had to look away.

"I'm serious, Will. Understood?"

"Yes sir."

"Good. I just... I don't want anything to happen to you guys. This town isn't safe. It used to seem that way but it's not."

He turned his radio back on. Neither of us said anything else until we'd reached my house. My grandparents were already outside, on the front porch. My grandmother rushed over to me and took my face into her hands.

"Oh goodness, Will. What if we'd lost you! You can't do that to us. We need you."

"Hush hush, Jan. The boy's traumatized. Let him be on his own for a little while."

I slowly made through the front door. I didn't feel the heat as I passed through the entrance. I didn't feel my bed as I sat down. I don't remember walking to my room. I was so tired, but it took me too long to fall asleep. I couldn't get it all out of my head. I wondered if Evelyn was asleep or staring at the wall like I was, wondering if someone was lurking around outside.

I eventually fell into a shallow sleep, peppered with nightmares.  I saw black figures. The car crash. Something passed by the window again. I could make out golden fur, sharp claws. It returned and crouched, peering through the crumpled frame of the window, its nostrils flaring, taking in my scent. Taking in my fear. I saw something in its eyes, but I couldn't tell what it was. It straightened itself and walked away. I awoke in a damp bed, wiping sweat from my brow. I couldn't go back to sleep so I laid there, staring at the ceiling, waiting for the sun to rise. I felt like it would never come.
