   
   
   

&nbsp;


&nbsp;


The Murder of Aladden Sacha


&nbsp;


&nbsp;


   
   
   


&nbsp;


Please state your emergency.

My boss my boss is dead.

And so, the Emergency Services operator became the third person to find out that Mr Aladeen Sacha, Ambassador-at-Large, Republic of Wadiya, had been murdered.

Before the operator came Miss Becky Kingsley, long-serving private secretary to Mr Sacha. She had the misfortune of discovering his body slumped face-down on the floor of his study, in a wide pool of dark coagulated blood. 

And the first to know, of course, was the one who planted the 7-inch blade in Mr Sachas back.


&nbsp;


   


&nbsp;


Detective Lee Mason was probably the ten thousandth person to receive the news  such was Mr Sachas fame, and so effective was the grapevine  but he quickly became the most important. 

He got the call at 9.02AM, 32 minutes after Miss Kingsley made her call, which was 30 seconds after she opened Mr Sachas study door to be greeted by an altogether unpleasant sight.

By the time he arrived at the Sacha residence, a palatial 4-storey mansion in Wadiyas most affluent district, it was already swarming with police officers, with a sizeable congregation of reporters kept out by a line of police cars. 

Detective Mason headed straight to the study, throwing only a cursory glance to the other occupants of the house, who were all gathered in the hall.

&nbsp;

&nbsp;


   


&nbsp;


&nbsp;


The Study

Mr Sachas study was on the second floor of the mansion, at the end of a long corridor of bookshelves and trophy cabinets. Waiting for Detective Mason at the door was the investigation officer.

Victim is a 55-year-old male by the name of Mr Aladeen Sacha, the officer narrated for formalitys sake. One stab wound to the back, apparently deep enough to sever a major artery. Probably bled out.

Detective Mason thought the same. The lush Persian rug looked almost saturated with blood  a wide pool encircling Mr Sachas body. He was wearing a three-piece suit, which probably explained  the lack of blood splatter. Knife in, knife out, unconscious in three minutes, dead in ten, Detective Mason murmured to himself. Found the weapon?

No, sir, the officer replied. In fact, I cant find anything curious in the entire study. Just a bit of blood on the chair and desk.

Stabbed in his seat, tried to make it to the door, fell and never got up again, Detective Mason surmised. His suit soaked up all the blood before he fell.

Mr Sacha had only made it two metres out of his seat  a solid teak chair  which was half the distance to the door. 

Laptop? Detective Mason enquired. 

He was in the middle of replying an email. Work stuff.

Detective Mason put on a glove and tapped the mouse. The screen lit up to reveal an unfinished reply. Nothing particularly interesting. Phone?

Think its in there. The officer gestured to a rectangular bulge in the back pocket of Mr Sachas pants. Just about to pull it out when you arrived. You can do the honours.

Detective Mason slid the phone  an iPhone 6  out of the pocket, placed it in a clear bag, and pushed the home button through the bag. No passcode, he smirked. Our lucky day.

Guess he doesnt use his phone much, he observed. Last activity was a message to his wife, at 7.12pm. Home soon, to which she replied a minute later: OK, dinner is ready.

Lets have a chat with Miss Kingsley.



&nbsp;


   


&nbsp;


Becky Kingsley, 32, private secretary to Mr Sacha

Miss Kingsleys handshake felt cold, wet and limp in Detective Masons hand. 

Im sorry, detective, she began. I have not had the best of days. 

I can imagine, Detective Mason replied. Ill keep it quick. Tell me what happened this morning.

I arrived at 8.25, like I do every morning, and knocked on his study door at 8.30 sharp. Thats our routine every day. No response, which is very, very unlike him. I dont know what time he gets out of bed, but hes always fully dressed and waiting for me by the time I get here.

I knock again, call out his name, still no response. So I open the door, just to peek inside. And and I saw him.

Detective Mason remained silent. 

Everything after that was just a blur, she continued. I probably screamed. Called the police straightaway. I don't know, maybe I should have checked for a pulse or something first. Or went to get Mrs Sacha or whoever. But the blood so much blood. I just knew someone had got him and it wasnt just a fall or a heart attack or something. I couldnt think straight.

You did the right thing, Detective Mason assured her. What did you do after that?

Everyone rushed over. Probably heard my scream. Miss Deena came first, then Mrs Sacha, then Mr Alan. The house staff stayed downstairs  theyre not allowed up unless summoned  but I guess they could figure out what had happened based on all our reactions. We were all just screaming and crying.

Detective Mason allowed her to calm down before asking about the events of the night before.

Last night was just like every other weekday night. He comes home from the office, has dinner with the family, and we start work again at 9. Not really work, its just for me to give him his schedule for the following day, and run him through the agendas of all the meetings he will be attending.

So you wait for him while he has his dinner?

Yeah, I have dinner with the servants, in the servants quarters. 

Hmm.

Its not as bad as you think. We all get to eat the same food as the family, just not in the same room. Mr Baron  the chef  is a good cook. At least thats my opinion; Mr Sacha is not as easy to please.

Who are the other servants?

Theres Mr Baron, but he never gets to sit through the entire meal. Always gets summoned by the the family members for second portions or whatever. Then theres Anna and Elsa, the maids. They eat really quickly because they have to be ready to clean up the moment the family finishes their meal. And me.

Alright. So, dinner lasts till 9?

No, theyre usually done by 8.30. Then Mr Sacha goes to the lounge and reads the evening tabloids until 9. Then we head to his study. So last night was just like that. We work for an hour, I leave at 10 sharp, drive home.

Straight home?

Straight home, shower, bed.

And what time was that?

About 11pm? Although Ill admit that I took a while to fall asleep. She pulls a small, empty box out of her bag. Ambien. Ran out of it, unfortunately. This would have been my alibi, I guess.

I see. Is it the work?

That causes my insomnia? Dont know, but wouldnt be surprised. Mr Sacha is not easy to work for. He has a legendary temper and demands nothing less than perfection from everyone.

And youve been working with him

Ten years. Started out as a junior staffer when he was still a deputy director. He picked me to be his assistant when he became an ambassador.

Was he especially harsh on anyone?

If youre asking if there was anyone with reason to hurt him, you wont be able to shorten the list beyond everyone whos ever come into contact with him.  



&nbsp;


   


&nbsp;



Mrs Isla Sacha, 53, wife of Mr Sacha

Im sorry for your loss, Mrs Sacha.

Just Isla, please. Thank you, detective, for taking this on. I do hope you will find out who took dear Aladeen from us.

Isla, could you recap the events of last night?

Last night? He came home at about 7.20, we started dinner at 7.30, finished an hour later, he went to the lounge, I went to the bedroom and watched TV. Exactly like every other night. With the exception of, well, him not joining me in bed at around 10 like he usually does. You know, he was always such a good man. Why would anyone do this to him?

Was there anything different about him last night? Anything unusual?

Unusual? No, I dont think so. You know, hes such a loving husband and father. Just last night over dinner, he was asking Dee if she had found anyone. You know, a boy. He was telling her that it was important for her to find a nice boy from a good family, and give him grandkids of noble blood, because of our family status.

Deena?

Yes, my daughter. Oh dear, those were his last words to Dee. I do hope she will always remember them. Regretfully, his last words to me werent as romantic.

What did he say to you?

He sent me a text message at about 8.50. What a silly man, were in the same house and he couldnt just drop by the bedroom on his way to the study. Oh, but I guess that would have been sillier, since the bedroom is up on the fourth floor. Anyway, the message went something like Something to discuss. Stay up. Ah, silly him, always so mysterious and economical and pointed with his words. Aladeen, ever the diplomat.

You didnt stay up?

Yes, unfortunately I fell asleep. I always doze off while watching TV. You know, he would come in and turn off the TV and the lights and hes so sweet. I should have stayed up! I should have got up to do something to stay awake! Then he wouldnt I should have

Take your time, Isla.

The next thing I knew, I woke up to Miss Kingsleys screaming. Oh dear, I wont ever know what dear Aladeen wanted to discuss. 



&nbsp;


   


&nbsp;



Miss Deena Sacha, 18, daughter of Mr Sacha

How are you doing, Miss Sacha?

Not too good.

Could you tell me what you were doing after dinner last night?

Reading in my room.

What were you reading?

Murder on the Orient Express.

Good choice. Miss Sacha, did you notice anything unusual about your father last night?

No, not really. It was just like any other night. We had dinner and he went to do his stuff. Tried to give me some dating tips.

Your mother mentioned it. Does he usually do that?

No, he's not really that kind of dad. Hes the hows school? and weather was nice today kind of dad. I dont know if it was my fault or his that we never really got close. Maybe I should have started more conversations, or asked him more questions. 

Was he difficult to talk to?

I dont know. I guess I never really tried. Neither did Alan. We were just content to do our own thing and lead our own lives. I cant believe Im saying all this now. Is it common, Detective? For people to only start thinking about others in this way after theyre gone?

Its not uncommon, yes.

I shouldnt have responded so dismissively last night. I shouldnt have locked myself in my room after dinner. Maybe spent some time with him in the lounge. Even just sitting there in silence would have been nice.

Your father doesnt talk much?

Not to us, no. Im sure he talks a lot to other people. Thats his job, right? But not to us. Come to think of it, the house felt really quiet yesterday. Maybe it was a bad omen.

Quiet?

Theres usually quite a bit of noise around the house. Mums TV, Alans music and video games, Dad talking to Miss Kingsley, the servants cleaning up. It was a little quieter last night. I think Alan finally found something else to do other than blast his music till midnight.

He used to do that every night?

Not every night, but most. But weve all become used to it; it just became part of the houses background noise after a while. But I saw Dad went over to his room last week to ask him to turn it down because he had some important call or something. Must have been a super important call because Dad never goes over to anyone. He calls them to him. Either way, the music didn't go down.

Hmm. To your knowledge, did any of the servants harbour a grudge against your father?

No, I dont think so. He was a hard boss but a good man. Everyones been scolded by him before. And by scolded I mean really scolded. Dad doesnt  didnt  hold back his words. Our servants have been with the family a good number of years.



&nbsp;


   


&nbsp;



Mr Alan Sacha, 22, son of Mr Sacha

Hi, Detective.

Hi, Alan. How are you holding up?

Ok, I guess. Detective, youll find the murderer and bring him to justice, right?

Im doing my best.

Make sure you give him the maximum penalty for taking my father away. How long is that?

Probably life.

Good, good. Away for good.

Could you tell me where you were last night after dinner?

My room. Playing games and stuff.

Stuff?

Stuff that Im doing but not doing. You know, like texting, listening to music. Background stuff.

I understand. Your sister mentioned that you play music rather loudly.

I listen to metal. You cant play metal softly. Hey Detective, dont mind me saying this, but Ive got a feeling the chef is responsible.

Mr Baron? Why do you say that? 

Pure logic! Hes got all the knives in the house!

Im sure everyone could

No, no you dont understand. Hes got them in a locked cabinet. Says his knives are quite valuable and he doesnt want people touching them.

Interesting.

Yes, very. Hes a good chef. But anyone working for Dad could turn into a bad person quite quickly.

Was your father especially harsh to Mr Baron?

Yes. No. I dont know. Hes harsh to everyone. But Dad was a culinary Nazi. Imperfect food would piss him off much more than imperfect cleaning. Just saying.

Did Mr Baron and the servants get things wrong often?

Well, not really. Theyre alright at their jobs. In fact, Anna was cleaning my room last night.

Oh?

Yes. She cleans the other parts of the house in the day and only gets to my room at night.

Every night?

More or less. Shes a hard worker.

You dont mind that she cleans your room when you're in there?

Im not elitist like my father. I dont mind being around the servants. Annas got a job to do, I wont get in her way.

So you were in your room all the way?

Yes. Anna finished at 11.30 or so. I stayed up a bit more then went to sleep.

Thats late.

Theres a lot to clean in my room. 



&nbsp;


   


&nbsp;



Mr Frank Baron, 49, Sacha household chef

Its terrible what happened to Mr Sacha.

It is, Mr Baron. Can you tell me anything about last night?

Nothing, Detective. As normal a night as can be. Cooked dinner, served it, washed up, went to bed. Like every other night. 

What time did you go to bed?

To be honest, I dont remember. It was early. Maybe 9-ish. I was just really tired. Even woke up late this morning and missed the commotion. Maybe it was the wine.

Wine?

Yes, I have a glass of wine with dinner every night. Red. Our dinner  the servants dinner  is the excess from the familys meal. Im proud of my cooking, but the idea of eating someones excess is just a little demeaning in my opinion. So I have a glass of wine every night to feel, well, classy again. I used to be executive chef in a big restaurant, you know? Ive had an extraordinary career, because I didnt even start off as a cook, but a waiter. Spent years as matre d before I switched into the kitchen. Started at the bottom again and worked my way up all over again. I mean, not that its bad working here. Im paid well. But ah Im sure you know what I mean.

I think I do. The other servants share the wine with you?

Yes, of course. I taught them to appreciate wine. Even Miss Kingsley  yes, she joins us for dinner  indulges in a small glass sometimes, when Mr Sacha is not in a foul mood. Elsa drinks. Anna too, but not lately. That poor girl still has to do young master Alans room after dinner. So maybe thats why she stopped drinking.

Mr Baron, I heard you dont like anyone touching your knives.

Are you accusing me of anything, Detective?

Im just investigating the facts, Mr Baron.

I can show you my cabinet. Its the only thing I requested of the family when they hired me  to have my own locked cabinet in the kitchen. Every craftsman has his secret tools, and mine are all in that cabinet. Seven knives, all custom-made to my specifications, all for different purposes. And a few recipe books. Top-secret recipes handed down to me over the years.

I see. And the key to this cabinet?

Always with me, worn around my neck. No duplicates. If I lose this key, I might as well kill myself. Detective, I know that the more I say, the more it sounds like Im the only one who could have done this. But you have to believe me, I know absolutely nothing about it.

Can I see your knives?

Of course.



&nbsp;


   


&nbsp;



The Cabinet

Mr Baron led Detective Mason to a cabinet in the corner of the vast kitchen. Reaching under his shirt, he produced an ornate-looking key and unlocked the cabinet. It looked more like a safe than an ordinary storage cabinet  the door and walls were steel-lined, and the locking mechanism was an inch thick. 

The cabinets contents were just as Mr Baron described  an extremely organised collection of folders, books and journals, and a knife holder bearing seven knives of varying sizes. Detective Mason called the forensic team over to bag the knives as evidence. They were all perfectly clean, with not a trace of blood or even finger smudges on the glossy steel. 

The forensic officer turned one of the knives over in his gloved hands. I dont want to say anything before a proper analysis, but this looks like it could be it.

Detective Mason ignored him, but knew he was likely to be right. With a 7-inch blade, it was the only knife sharp and long enough to cause serious harm when planted into a large-sized mans back. The other knives were either small paring knives or unwieldy choppers. 

No other knives in the house? Detective Mason asked the chef.

No other knives in the kitchen, Mr Baron replied. If anyone has a blade of some sort in his or her own room, I wouldnt know about it.

Mr Baron, please do not leave the compound. Officer, secure all the knives.



&nbsp;


   


&nbsp;



Miss Anna Harris, 26, maid in the Sacha residence

Miss Harris, how long have you been working here?

About five years, Detective.

Do you like it here?

Yes, more or less. The family is kind to me.

Including Mr Sacha?

Yes, although I dont have much to do with him.

Why is that?

I am assigned to other parts of the house. I do Alans room and some of the common areas, and the kitchen and patio. Elsa  the other maid  does Miss Deenas room and the rooms that Mr Sacha uses more often.

Is that how the work has always been divided here?

Well, there wasnt really a plan until last year. Some days we would both do the same room at the same time, and at other times we would just draw lots in the morning. I came up with this plan because I thought itd make things quicker.

Quicker? Your days now end beyond 11 at night.

Yes, they do. I want to show that Im willing and able to work. Im a maid, but I dont always want to be a maid, you know? I guess I want to prove that Im a great worker, and maybe Ill get an opportunity to do something else. Or even just get a bonus for hard work. Or maybe even a promotion.

Promotion?

I dont know, maybe head maid or something. Is there such a thing?

Perhaps. Why Alans room, though?

His preference. Hes got a lot of things  expensive action figures and rare memorabilia and stuff  that he doesnt want anyone to touch without his supervision. So I can only clean his room when hes around. 

I see. Could you tell me what you did last night?

After dinner, Elsa and I cleared the dining room, then I went to clean Alans room. Alan was in the room too. Came back to my room at 11.30 or so. Took a quick shower and went straight to sleep.

Does it take that long to clean his room?

Hes a really messy guy. As I said, hes got a ton of things.

Right. How is Mr Sacha like as a boss?

Mean. No disrespect, but Mr Sachas got a temper. In fact, he just let loose at Mr Baron last night! I overheard it from the kitchen. Mr Baron went out to serve a second portion, and Mr Baron spilled something. Mr Sacha was using all sorts of names on Mr Baron. I wouldnt be surprised if

If?

I really shouldn't be saying this. But I wouldnt be surprised if Mr Baron reacted.

You think Mr Baron may have done it?

Well, no one else has knives.

Would anyone else have any reason to harm Mr Sacha?

I don't know, Detective. I guess anyone could have a reason to. Did you know that Miss Kingsley gets so stressed working under Mr Sacha that she has to take pills to sleep every night? Or that Mr Baron writes very sad things about his life?

No, I did not know all of that. How did you come to know of all this?

We have dinner together every night. Sometimes we talk about our lives troubles.

I see.



&nbsp;


   


&nbsp;



Elsa Faris, 28, maid in the Sacha residence

Hi, Elsa.

Hi, Sir.

Been working here long?

Five years or so. Came in together with Anna.

What can you tell me about last night?

Same as every night, mostly. Dinner, clean up, rest, sleep. Just that Mr Baron got scolded. Sometimes get scolded about the food because Mr Sacha is rather picky, but yesterday he spilled something. Poor guy, really. He used to be a big shot chef, I think.

You were resting in your room?

Our room. I share the room with Anna. I usually wait for her to come back from doing Master Alans room.

What time did she come back last night?

11.30, I think.

And you were awake all the way?

Yes, sir. Reading in bed. Miss Deena is kind enough to pass me her old books. 

Do you ever offer to help Anna?

Of course! All the time. I feel bad that she does more than me. She says that its fair because I get the tougher rooms. I guess I cant disagree with that, but sometimes I have nothing to do anyway, so I dont mind helping her. But she says she can handle it on her own. Who am I to stop her? But I think its taking a toll on her, you know? The late nights. Shes putting on a bit of weight. I heard that a lack of sleep does that to you. But maybe now that Mr Sacha is, well, gone, I hope she can ease off a bit.

Where is your bedroom?

Servants quarters. Its a little area behind the kitchen.

Mr Barons room is there too?

Yes, next to mine.

Did you hear anything last night? Perhaps coming from Mr Barons room, or the kitchen?

I cant really hear anything that happens in the kitchen. But I thought I heard Mr Barons door open at around 10? Might have been hearing things, though. We get a lot of funny sounds through our window, because it opens to the woods.

Theres an ashtray on the windowsill. You smoke, Miss Faris?

I do.

You smoke in the room?

Sort of. Ill just open the window and lean out. But not recently, though. Think Anna finally had enough of the smoke and screamed at me to get out. So I now go outside to smoke. 



&nbsp;


   


&nbsp;



The Study

Detective Mason made his way back to the study, where the medical team had just collected the body. 

Anything interesting, Dr Grange? Detective Mason enquired. 

Not much, sir, replied Dr Grange. Cant say too much before the autopsy, but on first glance there are no wounds or bruises or anything out of the ordinary, other than the stab wound. The knife that your officer brought up here seems to be a perfect fit. I dare say thats the murder weapon.

Cause of death?

Judging by the colour of the skin, exsanguination. Once again, only the autopsy can provide conclusive proof.

I understand. Time of death?

Off the record, Id say this bodys been dead for about 12 hours. So, about 11pm last night.

Right. Just one more room to visit, then. Detective Mason motioned for two officers to accompany him. Come, we have an arrest to make.



&nbsp;


   


&nbsp;



...To be continued.