The cold air shifted through the frost cracked trees of the dark January morning. The early quiet stillness of the chill winter day was broken by the huffing and puffing of the lone figure trudging his way across the frozen terrain. His boot steps pounded a muffled  in the shallow snow, as his cane played conductor of his stride. His canvas satchel bounced against his hip as he walked, and the opened snap jingled with every step, conjuring images of a cowboys spurs. His long coat flapped in the piercing wind, its icy daggers cutting through his warm layers, stabbing at his core. He pulled his wide brim hat down to break the winds assault on his exposed face.

 

The drumbeat stopped as the figure came to a halt, his back against the lee side of a tree, his weight supported by his cane, gasping heavily to regain his breath. Trudging in this arctic climate was taking its toll, and he wasnt in the best shape to begin with. He checked the time, and began his marching drum once more. He had to keep moving if he was going to make the meetup. Gusts of wind buffeted him, causing him to stop to steady himself. The exertion was a constant drain of his energy. His face stung as the cold whipped at it, and the weight of his satchel was starting to drag him down. He wasnt going to last much longer.

 

Finally, he turned the a corner and saw the beacon of his destination, a solitary building standing darkly against the grey backdrop of the overcast morning. Pulling forth the last of his energy, he lumbered forward, happy to have finally made it to shelter. But as he neared the veritable oasis in the frozen north, he soon realized something wasnt right. There were no lights on inside, and there were no signs of life around. It was abandoned. A cold hand grabbed his heart as he began to despair. He had walked all this way, all for nothing. He didnt understand, had his intel been wrong? Had something happened? What about the meetup? The meetup. He realized he had no way of signalling a retreat to his companion, they were already on their way. He couldnt just leave them out in the cold, he would have to wait for them to arrive and then make a new plan together.

 

He checked the time, and saw, to his dismay, that he was actually early for the meetup. He would have to wait in the cold extra long, until his companion showed up. He hoped they would be on schedule. He hunkered down and waited.

 

His hat had accumulated quite the snow drift, and his long hair had begun to freeze at the tips, by the time he sensed someone approach. He shifted his weight and his joints almost creaked in the cold. He turned his gaze towards the way he had come, and saw another lone figure trudging through the snow towards the abandoned building.

 

He moved to intercept her, as he saw she was staring and shaking her head with disbelief at the darkened windows of the rendezvous location. He motioned for her to join him in the shelter of a nearby overhang, and they exchanged questions and worries about their situation, and what their next course of action should be. He suggested they retreat to his camp, as it was the closer of the two, and she gladly agreed.

 

Shifting his satchel to a more comfortable position, he lead the way back through the frozen desolation, their two drumbeats playing percussion to winters lead wind instruments, the jangle of his satchel finishing off the sorrowful music troupe. However, the journey to the meetup had cost too much, and the return trek was hampered by the mans now laboured movements. The woman showed concern for her friend, as he frequently stopped to rest from the paralyzing cold. He had to be strong, he had to lead them out of this perilous situation, lest the snow be their graves. They were almost there, he wasnt beaten yet. And with one last push through the frozen white sand, at last he had brought them back to the soft glow of his porch light.

 

Standing inside the warm house, he found the light switch, shedding light on the blissfully warm interior. He then found something to lean up against, and collapsed into it. Taking long deep breaths, he began to recover from his frigid misadventure. His friend voiced her concern for him, but he managed a weak nod to show he was alright. She then offered to be the one to start the coffee maker, to which he raised a rapidly thawing thumbs up. As she wandered off into his kitchen to begin brewing coffee, he decided then and there Thats the last time I walk to get coffee in 20 below. He got to his feet, and went to help his friend find where the coffee was hidden.