In the city far upon the top of a skyscraper is where we end this story. The cars in the city below me were rushing by. I could only wonder why I was at this point in my life. Thoughts sped through my mind.  
  
Am I ready to die?  
  
Is this really all I would have in my life before I'm done?  
  
Forward I moved and now I fall. Hopefully this will undo all of the things that I have created and end the tyrany I've brought upon this world.  
  
My name is Tyler and I was brought into this world through sheer power of will. The purpose of my entire existance is to destroy this world. My life has only spanned the course of a week and the path of destruction I've began is currently spiraling out of my control.  
  
I have torn families apart.  
I have destroyed nations.  
I have killed indiscriminantly.  
  
As I walked my path, I am the bringer of destruction and death. They called me the Black Horseman.  
  
:: Before my time ::  
Before I came into existence, The Great Planet was once called Earth. Since your existence, Millenias have passed. You and everyone you've ever known, their children, and even their children's children are now long gone. Humankind has survived great wars, the coming of the light, the rise, and fall of the great nation. Humankind had evolved into two different forms.  
  
There were first the Ascended. They were people that lost their corporeal form over time. It turns out that the human soul was a cohesive force that bound together and manipulated our bodies. A simple gene mutation prevented people the body from forming properly and what we refer to as the soul had been unable to bind together their original forms. At first these souls were just free floating energy, but with eons of time the first of their kind bound matter from nature. Without a body it's impossible to retain memories. The first Ascended was an accident and formed her first memory in a tree. She could see all the other souls and began binding them to more complex forms, creating new life. Today most Ascended are born by being forged into silicon based humanoid forms. The Ascended have an ability to manipulate gravity and some claim they have the ability to distort time.  
  
After the Ascended came the Enlightened. They were people who evolved from their human forms with knowledge discovered during studying the Ascended. With the complete understanding of how humans worked, they willfully became equivocalble to the Ascended. The first of them wanted to be with the Ascended, but they were rejected by the Ascended due to how they came to be. Eventually they became called the Enlighted because they continued to study and advance technology. Unlike the Ascended they forced their being onto other forms and lacked the ability to manipulate gravity. However their ability to learn, adapt, and create technologies to overcome obstacles is what got us to space.  
  
The Ascended and Enlighted lived peacefully for quite a long period of time. Despite not being together in unity, they did maintain strong diplomatic relationships. Humankind benefitted from the works of the Ascended and the Enlighted. We had space travel to far away galaxies and found species of intelligence out there.  
  
Humankind still reigned The Great Planet and even began sharing it with outside life, but that wasn't to last for long when they were given tools to manipulate the fabrics of reality. We could finally change atoms from being hydrogen to gold easily with the tools tha the Ascended and Enlighted had given us. Shortly after, we built weapons. With those weapons we attacked the Ascended, the Enlighted, other sentient creatures, and even ourselves.  
  
Now we are Warlords. We amass armies and wage war.  
  
:: My First Day ::  
In a poorly lit lab, I emerged from a pool of blood. My very first memory was wiping the blood from my face and my eye gazing upon the most beautiful blonde hair, blue eyed, woman ever and hearing her documenting my emergence.  
"Subject has successfully awoken and motor skills are present without training. We will begin cognition testing shortly."  
  
I was pulled away from the pool by men in white outfits and taken to showers to be sprayed down. Once I was cleaned, they escorted me to a room with with just a table and chair. They sat me down in the chair and the woman came in shortly after.
"My name is Betty, do you understand me?"  
  
When I tried to speak to her, I couldn't get any words out. Some blood plopped out of my mouth and onto the table. I ended up just nodding "yes" to her. She said to me, "Don't worry. We will probably have to go through vocal training with you later. The fact that you haven't turned yet is a really good indicator that you will be around for a while."  
  
We spend hours doing simple puzzles. By the time we finished, I was able to talk and she told me the vocal training wasn't neccesary. I was eventually escorted to a room and was informed that it was the end of the day. At night time people sleep and they assumed I am people. Little did they know I am not. Even I didn't know.  
  
The entire night my brain filled with ideas and information had pieced together. The next morning Betty came for me and escorted me from my room. While we were walking she was discussing a method of farming particles over the phone. They did not have a solution to a problem they encountered with the collider they were using. When I asked her if she had tried adding silver plates to reinforce the inner cupplings with silver plated steel reinforcements, she was surprised.  
  
My first day of life was originally intended for scientists to study and train me, but instead I worked with them to solve many complex problems. The puzzles they found to be impossibly hard were easy for me to solve. Over the course of 16 hours I helped solve mathematical problems, create new devices, and fix many partially created inventions.  
  
At the end of my first day of being, I retired to my room. At this point I became self-aware. In my mind instead of just knowing information, I began creating questions and trying to solve them. The hours I was supposed to sleep, I had decided I wanted to leave.  
  
During my second day I requested to leave. Betty told me that I was her property. Unknown to her, I knew that I was lab-grown human. I knew that this lab was created as an effort between Ascended, Enlighted, and a few Warlords as a part of a truce. The purpose was to create advancements that could acheive each faction's goals while stablizing peace between them. In my own conclusion, I believed I was to be their resolution to peace and the only way I could do that was to destroy all of existence. To proceed with my directive, I would need to leave.  
  
Betty clearly had no intentions of letting me leave, I bided my time during the day. When we were back in the lab working, I gave them move solutions and waited. When my solutions were tested, the lab had multiple explosions occur as a result. My solutions were riddled with misinformation that they were unable to conceive. While the carnage ensued, I escaped.  
  
... To be continued