If you look up the word "haunted" in the dictionary you will find definitions such as "a place frequented by ghosts" or "having or showing signs of mental anguish or torment". 

Of course we are all familiar with the term. What interests me, after my experience, is the definition of the verb and the noun "haunt"; "manifest itself at a place regularly, (of a person) frequent (a place), be persistently in the mind of (someone) Noun; a place frequently visited by a person or a group of people."

Another interesting thing to note is that in essentially every definition there is a negative connotation associated with the word (My favorite being "haunt: a feeding place for animals"). This leaves me even more perplexed. Is there such a thing as a NON-malevolent haunting? And even more disturbing to me personally is the definition "to be persistently in the mind of (someone)". Am I haunted, or is a place haunted? Even worse, is it all in my head? 

I'm getting ahead of myself here. Allow me to give you some idea of what I am rambling on about. When I was 5 years old my father passed away. He was diagnosed with stage 4 cancer of the colon, and was told he had 6 months to live. Within those six months he set about doing all of the things with me that he knew he would never get to do while I was growing up. 

There was never a dull moment with him during that last summer and fall. He took me hunting, fishing, shooting, and camping. Out days were spent outside, and our evenings spent inside watching John Wayne movies, having pillow fights, and listening to his stories. 

He decided to take my mother and I to a remote wilderness camp in North eastern Maine. It was a place that he and his family had worked and spent summers at since he was little. He loved this place, and he wanted to share it with my mother and I before he left this earth. 

That week will forever be burned into my memory as the best moments of my childhood. Those warm early summer days we spent on the pond fishing for trout and salmon to me were the epitome of who my father was. As the boat rocked and the water gurgled along the sides of the canoe, my father taught me how to cast a fly rod. Speaking gently and patiently he coached me through the motions of the cast, eventually removing his big strong calloused hands from mine until I was casting all by myself. 

We fished, we played cards, he sang "the happy wanderer", we sat on the porch and watched the world go by in our pristine wilderness surroundings. We played horseshoes as the sun sunk low on the horizon awaiting the tolling of the dinner bell, and when it sounded, my father would always proclaim "good food And lots of it!"

One evening after dinner, we went out fishing just the two of us, where our "one last cast" was interrupted by a rapidly approaching thunderstorm. He fired up the outboard and we blazed across the pond laughing like born lunatics (and me, secretly a little scared). We reached the dock and he moored the boat and we took off running like crazy to our cabin. The rain had just begun to come down in earnest when we burst through the doors of the cabin, still laughing, and only a little wet.

That evening I fell asleep on the bed between my mother and my father. The gas lamp burned low as my eyes grew heavy and the thunder boomed outside. Lightning flashed a mad staccato through the windows, but the weight of my father's work weathered hand on my shoulder, and the warmth of my mother's convinced me that I had nothing to fear. 

I woke up that night, after the storm was over and the rain had stopped. My parents were asleep and the candles had burned out. I sat up in bed and listened to the forest. I could hear the howl of a distant coyote accompanied by the lonely song of a loon singing in front of the camp. These days that forlorn cry fills me with a deep aching melancholy, but not that night. To this day, that is one of my best memories; falling asleep between both of my parents, safe and warm and loved. The sadness and loneliness of the loons cry could not touch Me, the rain dripping from the eves, the chill of the night, and the distant coyotes were all in another world, and that chorus sung me to sleep beneath the blanket of stars that enveloped us.

It had been a week, and we had not caught a fish. Blame the warm weather, blame my 5 year old fidgety self, or blame fate. For whatever reason we had failed to catch a fish that my father deemed worthy. He was under the mistaken impression that I needed a trophy to remind myself of him and our time together. The sun was setting on our final evening at camp, and our time was short. I was too young to sense it, but my parents could both feel it like a weight in our boat, pressing against them. Time for me was infinite, time for my father was tragically finite. 

My father tied on a green drake, and I casted it as he had instructed me. 

"Last one for the day Christopher" he said, and I started to offer some sort of protest even as the black flies swarmed in the gloaming. Then the water exploded and my line was pulled into the deep and the fight was on. It only lasted 5 minutes, but to me galaxies were created and destroyed, empires arose and fell during that timespan. When my father netted the salmon and proclaimed it a keeper, I shrieked with delight. He folded me into his embrace, and I experienced him as he truly was for the last time, before the stench of medicine and disease erased his scent. He held me in his arms and told me he was proud of me, and that moment, friends, was far too fleeting. 

It wasn't much longer afterwards that he passed away. Movie aficionados will remember the 5th of November for the gunpowder treason. I will remember the 5th of November as the day my father left us. 

We had been watching his favorite John Wayne movie that evening, "the cowboys". In later years, I grew to appreciate how ironic that was. My mother awoke me after midnight; "wake up honey, he's going". 

I threw the covers off and ran down the stairs. As fast as my legs would take me, I mounted the steps to my parents bedroom where my father lay connected to all manner of tubes and wires. I leaped into bed with him and held him as tight as I could. He was convulsing; seizures so powerful that his jaw was dislocated. His withered body tense and trembling beside my tiny frame. 

I hugged him and held his pale, wasted hand, once so strong and weathered. I told him that it was OK to let go. I told him not to be afraid. I told him that I loved him. As his body calmed he turned his head towards me. His hair hung limply in his face, beads of sweat had sprung from his brow, and tears welled up in his eyes. Unable to speak, he feebly squeezed my hand as the tears rolled down his cheeks. I don't know how long I stayed there with him like that. Until his breathing shallowed and slowed to a stop. The pressure he had exerted on my hand had left entirely. My father was gone. 

My mother called my name and urged me to leave the room. As I rose from the bed, I looked at my father. The countenance that I had so loved was now seemed to me a portrait; serenity painted in the pale and muted tones of death. His eyes remained open, and unseeing, but within them, a spark reflected, a pin pick of light. Perhaps it was the dim light in the dressing room reflected. To me, it seemed like what the night sky would look like reflected in a drop of water; the milky way galaxy condensed into one microscopic ember. Like the spark from a campfire rising to meet the stars twinkling in the night sky before it fades away forever. 

In the weeks after the funeral, when things had gotten back so some semblance of normal (not that things would be normal for a very long time) my mother came to me with a poem. My father was a man of very few words, and my mother had no idea that his well was deep enough to bring forth this kind of lyrical succor. What follows is a transcription of his poem.

"Leaving you is the hardest thing I've ever had to do, but I will be with you always.

When you hear the wind in the trees or the rain on the Roof, think of me and I'll be there.

When the sun sends shafts of light through the trees to the forest floor, or the mist clears from a lake, think of me and I'll be there.

When you hear a coyote howl, or an owl hoots at night, think of me and I'll be there

When the sparks from your campfire rise to meet the stars twinkling in the night sky, think of me and I'll be there.

When a loon laughs, or a grouse drums, think of me and I'll be there.

When a trout rises to your fly, or a deer steps into a clearing, think of me and I'll be there.

When the river runs dark and deep and fast, and the brook runs clear and quiet, think of me and I'll be there.

When you find a lady slipper or see a trillium, think of me and I'll be there.

I can no longer walk beside you, but think of me and I'll be all around you."

These words move me even today. Its balm to an aching soul, and salt in a wound. I love it, and it never fails to make me tear up. I am haunted by it, so to speak. I strive to live as much of my life outdoors as possible, trying to be closer to the father that I never got the chance to grow up with. 

We never buried him. He wanted to be cremated and his ashes spread in the places that he loved. We spread some of them in our back yard where he and I spent so much time playing together, we spread some in the west branch of the Penobscot river in Maine where he spent the years of his youth fishing for salmon in that dark deep stretch of river. The rest we scattered at the camp he took us too the year previous. 

I'll never forget that day, with the sun slung low on the horizon. My mother, myself, and my father's friend Gary (who owned the camp) in a grand laker canoe going to spots in the lake where we remembered him. The final handful of ashes left my hand, and as I cast them, I watched them sink into the darkness of the lake. The sun reflecting in shafts off of the ashes of my father, and it again occurred to my child's mind that it was like a blanket of stars, bright specks of light in the blackness. 

Maybe so too are we, burning brilliantly until we fade down into nothingness. Or perhaps those ashes reenter the ecosystem as algae and move through the food chain. Maybe my father's mortal coil was recycled into those places he loved so much. I know that's what he was hoping for at least.

As the years wore on, and I grew older, I continued to spend time outside. I developed my skills as an angler, as a hunter, as a shooter, and as an ecologist. I developed a deep love of the natural world and an unquenchable thirst for more. Every now and then, I would run into a lady slipper, or I'd hear a grouse drumming, and I would think of my father. I would hook a trout with my fly rod, and as I was bending down to net the beautifully speckled fish, I would catch a reflection of him in the swiftly moving water of the stream. I would rise early in the morning to go hunting and catch the scent of my father on my owns skin, pure and unadulterated, before the medicine and the cancer devoured his real smell. I would sit by the fire at night watching the sparks fly up to meet the milky way as the coyotes howled and the owls hooted and the loons sang their lonely song. 

Haunted. 

Years went by. Graduations came and went; highschool, college, promotions at work. I would always think about that time on the boat when I caught that fish, my father told me he was proud of me, and I wondered if he was still proud of me. With all the drinking that I had done in highschool, and the drugs in college, the smoking, the loud music the mediocre career i had obtained; I wondered if he was still proud of me. 

Last year I decided to go back to that camp. It had been 22 years since I had last been there, and I was anxious to escape my job and the real world. I had just gone through a painful breakup, and and an even more painful company restructure that left me reeling financially as well as mentally. 

Its funny how when we get older the real world starts to take over, and our leisure time slips further and further away from us. We forget the things that mean the most to us in our pursuit of financial stability and the normalcy of 9-5. 

I had originally planned to bring someone with me to the camp. But they ended up bailing on me. Which in retrospect ended up being better i think. I had rented a campsite on an island in the far part of the lake where my father had guided guests back in the 70s, and I brought my own canoe with no motor. They call it a pond, but by all rights it's bigger than a lot of the lakes we have here in New York. 

When I arrived at the camp, it was drawing down to dusk, and the wind was starting to rip across the water fiercely. My arms were roped with muscle from paddling, and my hands were calloused and weathered from countless casts and cuts and knots and hatchet swings, so it was a task I was prepared for. 

When I approached the dock of the camp, my breath caught in my throat. It was seemingly unchanged since the last time I had been here. The grand laker canoes were moored exactly as they had been, each cabin in their place, and not a day older for wear. On the dock stood the owner and my father's old friend Gary. His thinning white hair blew in the wind, and his clothes flapped around a gaunt scarecrow like frame. Time, it seems, had not forgotten about Gary even if it had neglected the camp. 

I beached my canoe, and shook Gary's hand. 

"For a minute theaa I thought it was the sebenies again. Look just like your faatha you do." He drawled in his old Maine accent. 

"Gary, it's good to see you! I swear it's still the 90's here. I don't think anything has changed at all!"

"Ah-yhuh" he said, with a smile on his heavily weathered face, "that's the way we like to keep it."

They gave me a cabin that night, since the weather was so bad, and they invited me to eat with the staff. I had time to reflect, as I lit the gas lamp in my cabin, that I am at ground zero. This is where my father's love, and subsequently my love, of the outdoors was formed. I just ate where he ate on so many nights, and I'm staying where my family stayed so many years ago, when there were three of us and the world was as close to perfect as it was ever going to get for us. Even though we were in the shadow of the valley of death, we knew no evil that night as the thunder rolled, and the lightening flickered in the windows. 

In the morning I set out for my campsite. As the sun was rising, the world was hushed and still. Mist cleared from the lake as I pushed my boat off of the beach and rounded the peninsula. I saw the dining hall, where the dinner bell hung somber and silent. I saw the horse shoe yard, and it seemed like at any minute a father and his young son could walk right out of one of the cabins and start up a game as they waited for the breakfast bell. But these things didn't happen. The only sound to pierce the soft silence of early morning was the sorrowful song of a loon across the lake. 

I fished, and I camped for the next three days. I paddled, and the sun darkened my skin. I cast and sometimes the fish would play nice and allow themselves to be caught and thrown back. I cried a lot, and I overjoyed at the beauty and majesty I found myself in. At night I looked at the sky, surrounded by the sounds of nighttime, and think of how completely infinitesimal my existence is. How incredibly lucky I am to live, let alone be loved in the vast emptiness around us. As the sparks from the campfire shot skyward before they faded away forever, I listened to the loons, and I listened to the owls, and I listened to the coyotes. I fell asleep completely at peace. I felt safe, I felt complete. 

I awoke with a start the next morning. Some ragged edge of a dream followed me up from the depths of sleep; "Beneath gods clear blue sky" 

The happy wanderer song that my father was so fond of singing the last time I was here. Its no wonder I had been dreaming of him. I dressed and made my way to the waters edge. 

As I looked out on the lake, I saw ripples cascading across the surface of the water. The mist was heavy this morning, and although I couldn't see the opposite shore, I could make out a boat with a single passenger cutting their way through the mist towards the rising sun. I heard, very clearly, notes (albeit off key) floating through the fog; "fal-da-ree, fal-da-ra, fal-da-ra-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha, fal-da-ree"

Ice coursed through my veins. I stumbled to my canoe, and launched off in search of the lone boater. I could feel every cheeseburger I had ever eaten, every cigarette I'd ever smoked rising up in my arteries as I pushed that boat forward, churning up water, and slicing the surface film with the bow of my canoe. The sun was up now and burning off the fog. As it lifted, the objects looming on the shore sprang into greater detail; the majestic pine trees, the boulders, the fallen birch trees. 

As I cleared another island, I could see even more detail. More importantly I could see the small speck of a boat and it's pilot rounding the corner of the peninsula ahead of me. There and gone in less than a second. 

My boat had gained steam, and I had settled in to a rhythm of paddling. In ten minutes I had rounded that same corner. Within those ten minutes, the fog had completely burned off of the lake. Before me I beheld a flat and motionless body of water. There was no boater, there was no song save for the gentle breeze blowing through the trees. I crumpled to the floor of my boat and I cried. I cried and cried for what seemed like ages. 

This place was full of him. This is his gravestone. He wanted me to come outside and witness the beauty of the natural world when I wanted to visit him. This was far away better than any drab, somber cemetery. With that last handful of ashes I had cast my father back into the ecosystem that he loved so much. Those fish I caught were part of him, shaking my hand, saying "I'm proud of you". Those loons that ate the fish were a part of him, singing me to sleep at night. The wood I burned was his arm around my shoulders against the impending darkness. 

And then a loon cried it's lonesome song. And then a doe stepped out from the forest to the waters edge and lowered it's graceful head to drink. A then to my left a trout leapt from the water to snatch an emerging may fly. 

I sat up and looked around at this timeless place; 

Haunted. 

http://imgur.com/QyDbRDe