Friday, Sept. 24, 1999--The Parkview Gazette

Fire destroys building, 7 injured

By: Mason Lucas

Staff Writer

Seven people were injured around 3 a.m. Thursday when the Richardson Apartment Complex at 32nd and Jefferson caught fire.

According to the Parkview Fire Department, the fire started in one of the first-floor apartments and then spread to the rest of the building.

I couldnt believe what was happening, said Gene Wilson, 39, a survivor of the blaze. I was asleep, and all of the sudden, I smelled smoke. I woke my wife and kids and we rushed outside.

Wilson lived on the second floor of the complex, and he and his family were able to get out of the building before the fire spread to the remaining three floors.

He said life would be difficult now because most of the familys belongings were incinerated by the blaze.

Everything we own is gone, he said. We have friends we can stay with, but its going to be tough trying to reconstruct our lives.

Wilson said he and his family were lucky because they were able to get out of the burning building without being hurt, but seven people were injured in the fire.

The names of those who were injured have not yet been released, but according to Fire Chief Don Ritz, all seven are receiving treatment at Parkview Community Hospital.

Ritz said arson has not been ruled out as a possible cause of the fire, and the Parkview Fire Department is currently investigating the matter.

Things like this are very uncommon around here, he said. It could be arson, or just some terrible accident that caused the fire. We really cant say until we look into the situation more.

According to Ritz, the Rutherford County branch of the Red Cross will be accepting donations for the surviving victims and their family members.

Donations can be made directly to the Red Cross office at 205 W. Walnut or call 555-6987.
	


I was born to be a reporter. I knew that was my future career from the time I was in grade school. My parents still talk about how I used to interview my aunts and uncles at our family reunions. I had always written stories, from my childhood on up through high school, where I first got newspaper experience. I covered mostly basketball and football games, but it was a great place to start. 	

That was 12 years ago. Now Im a news reporter with the Parkview Gazette, and Ive been working here since I graduated from college six years ago. I mostly cover hard news now, though I started out on the sports desk when I first hired in.

The following Monday after the fire story ran, I was on my way back to the office after interviewing the fire chief who gave us the tip about the fire. He suspected it was arson, and so I went to interview him and get his reasons for such an opinion.

I turned the radio on to WLYN-FM, Parkviews 80s rock station and had just turned left onto Walnut Street when my cell phone rang. It was Trevor, the radio personality of Parkview, known better as the biggest jerk this side of radio. He and I were roommates in college, and had been friends ever since.

Are we still gonna get together for a beer tonight? he asked. And turn your freakin radio down. I turned down the volume so the music was nearly inaudible.

Sure. Same time, same place as usual, right? We met every Monday night at Julians, the most popular bar in Parkview for a couple of beers, but mostly to catch up on what went on the week before. With both of us being involved in media, we had lots of fun sharing stories about co-workers and tyrant bosses. We had been doing this every Monday since we started college together, and after we both went out into the work world, we continued the tradition.

Trevor laughed. Yeah, hopefully I can get out of here at a decent time. I have to help the newbie Adrian Freeman track the overnight slot. Whatta green horn! Hang on a second. I gotta talk.

Trevor put me on hold so I could still hear the radio. This is 92.7 WLYN, the 80s station that rocks the house here in Parkview. Im Trevor Adams, the biggest jerk this side of radio. Lets take a call.

Before I realized what was happening, I was on the air. That putz.

Go ahead, caller.

I smiled as I thought of some clever way to make Trevor look like a jerk. Yeah, I just had a quick question for you, Trevor. Isnt it true that youre a mamas boy?

Trevor laughed, but tried to pretend like this was all planned. No, as you know from listening to me, I am the biggest jerk, and no one especially my mom tells me what to do.

I knew that wasnt really true. Any time Trevor needed his tail kicked for reckless behavior she always made sure he knew exactly what she thought.

Trevor laughed again. Thank you, caller for that special piece of wisdom. Well be right back after some stupid commercials with some more of your favorite 80s hair bands.

Trevor got back on the phone. You jerk.



"What in the world is this crap! Rewrite this." 	

Roger Dexter was our managing editor at the Gazette, though most of us referred to him as "The Intimidator, a short, stocky man in his 50s who made the female interns cry. I swear, he had a voice so loud people in advertising could hear him yell, and that office is three doors down the hall. He was also prone to throwing an occasional chair or phone book if a reporter didnt have a story in on time. Half of the staff writers hated him, especially minutes before deadline. I didn't mind him, though. Dexter was my mentor in a way. He showed me the importance of good copyediting, and even though he was a hard-nose, Dexter got the job done.

"What's wrong with this?" asked Stephanie Reynolds. She was the intern we hired for the fall semester. She was majoring in journalism and had written for her high school and college newspapers. Stephanie was a decent writer, but still incredibly green as a reporter. At 21, she thought she knew it all, and she frequently gave Dexter crap.

"Your lead is weak, there are tons of style errors in here, your quotes are absolutely grotesque..." I watched the veins in his large, bald head throb as he spoke.

I stood back and watched Dexter let her have it. Stephanie stood with her arms crossed over her chest, a defiant sneer on her face. She had dark hair, brown eyes, but a complete witch. She always wore short skirts to show off her body, but that was part of her problem. Id caught her checking herself out in the mirror in Dexters office before, but she didnt know I saw her. Stephanie Reynolds could win a contest for most vain in the newsroom. 

Something Dexter said caught my attention. "Who taught you how to write anyway? What did you do, take your J-school courses by mail?" Stephanie's face turned a bright shade of red. I turned my head to hide the smirk I had on my face. 

"Fine, I'll rewrite it. I'll rewrite the whole thing. Or better yet, why don't you just put another reporter on this story?" Stephanie thrust her copy in Dexter's hands and stomped back to her desk. Apparently she thought she was God's gift to reporting in high school and college. 	

Dexter shook his head and groaned. "She should've been a theater major," he said, and I went back to my desk. 

"Any messages for me?" I asked Stephanie.

"Just one. Don Ritz called you. He wants to do a follow-up interview on that Richardson thing." How odd a source would call me after I just did the interview, but maybe he was willing to give me more than just the general information on the fire. I made a mental note to call him back as soon as I got a few free minutes.

"Thanks, Stephanie," I said and turned to leave.

"Where are you going?"

"Oh, I have to go and pick up Lillian."

Lillian was my 6-year-old daughter, who I had adopted four years ago after her mother, an ex-girlfriend of mine, died in a car accident. Monica had been driving on ice and had slid into the other lane, hitting another car head-on. 	

I found out when we were dating she had cheated on me and gotten pregnant. I knew there was no way the child could be mine, but I had tests done anyway. Sure enough, Lillian wasnt my child. 

I broke up with Monica soon after that, but I wanted to remain friends with her, even though she had hurt me deeply. It took a year or so for me to forgive her, but we became very close after that. I was even there at the hospital the day Lillian was born. I couldnt get over how much that baby looked like her mother, and from that day on, I loved her as if she was my own daughter. 

"So what are you guys gonna do tonight?"

"If you'd interrogate your sources as well as you interrogate me, you'd get some really good information." I walked out of the newsroom without waiting for her to say anything back.



"Mason!"

Lillian came running toward me with open arms. I had just pulled into the driveway at Jill Howard's house. She was the 38-year-old woman who babysat for Lillian after school while I was at work. Jill wasn't married and had no children of her own, so she ran a day care center out of her house. On Monday nights she stayed at my house with Lillian until I got home. Now that Lillian was older, I occasionally let her come to work with me if I knew I was going to be working late.

I scooped Lillian up and swung her around, something she always asked me to do. I couldn't get over how much more she was starting to look like Monicathe same hazel eyes, the same blonde hair.

"Hi, angel." I put her back down on the ground.

"Look at the picture I drew today at school," she said and handed me a large piece of white construction paper. I looked at the drawing and smiled. She had drawn a man with brown hair and blue eyes who was sitting at a desk. He had a pen in one hand and a phone in the other. At the top of the picture, written in red crayon, were the words "I luv u, Mason." I giggled because she had written the s in my name backwards.

"Who is this?" I asked. I thought I'd tease her a little.

Lillian dramatically put her hands on her hips and sighed loudly. "It's you, silly!"

I re-examined the picture and then said, "Oh, yes. Now I see the resemblance. Thank you, sweetie. This is going right over my desk at work." I reached down and gave her a kiss on the cheek.

"Can we have burgers and fries tonight, Mason?" Lillian called me by my first name, not "dad." When I had first adopted her, she called me dad, but right before her fourth birthday, I sat her down and told her I wasn't really her father, and her mother wanted me to take care of her if something bad would happen. I remember her looking up at me with wide, curious eyes, and she asked me where her real father was. I wasn't sure how to answer her, so I opted to tell her the truth. From then on, she called me Mason, but continued to love me as if I were her biological father.

"Can we eat out tonight?" she asked again.

"Sure," I said. "We might even get some ice cream."

After 20 minutes we were sitting at the kitchen table at home.

"Chicken nuggets this time, eh?" Lillian usually got a cheeseburger and fries, but she switched on me. I got a couple of cheeseburgers and a large batch of fries.

"Yeah, I wanted to be different." She tore the top of her straw paper, then blew the paper at me.

"Hey, watch it."

She giggled, and then tossed a fry at me. "Is Uncle Trevor coming over tonight?"

"He might. I'm gonna visit with him for a while, but I'll tell him you want him to come over." Lillian loved Trevor. She considered him a buddy. He once took her on a tour of the radio station, and sometimes he came over and played cards with us.

"What else did you do at school today?"

"I learned two more letter people," she said. "Mr. H and Mr. R. Did you meet any famous people today?"

I laughed. Lillian thought I met celebrities all the time because I was a reporter, which wasnt true at all. "Not today."

Just as I finished my second sandwich, there was a knock at the door. It was Jill.

"I'll get it!" Lillian jumped up and ran toward the front door. She and Jill began to set up the Monopoly board in the living room. I guess Jill was teaching her how to play.

"I should be gone about an hour," I said as I kissed Lillian and walked outside.



While I waited for Trevor at Julians, I ordered a beer, but decided I was only going to have one tonight. I didnt like to drink when I had a lot on my mind. Plus, now that I had a daughter, the whole concept of getting drunk seemed juvenile.

Trevor walked in with a smug smile on his face. He certainly did look like an ex-high school football star, a tall, husky guy with dark, curly hair. Its too bad he always sat the bench in college.

Well, if it isnt Trevor Adams, the mamas boy!

In the flesh, he said as he plopped down at our table. So, whats up, loser? Anything come of that fire story?

Interesting you would ask, I said. Ritz called me again today. I dont know, but I have this weird feeling theres something he isnt telling me about the investigation. Just call it a hunch.

You know how those guys are, Mason. Theres always some conspiracy going on. Trevor laughed as the waitress brought him a beer. She was cute, but more Trevors taste than mine. She was tall, blonde and thin.

Can I get you guys anything? Some hot wings? she asked.

Trevor peered at her over his dark-framed glasses. How about your phone number.

I rolled my eyes. The man didnt know when to quit. Nice going, I said.

The girl laughed and started to walk away, but Trevor must have needed his revenge for the on-air thing. Hey, come here, sweetheart, he said. My friend hasnt had a date in years, any friends of yours desperate enough to go out with such a loser?

That putz.

She only ignored him. Ill check on you guys later, she said and walked back behind the bar.

You are such a jerk, Trev.

Just paying you back, he said and took another swig of his beer. 		

We talked for a little while longer, but I wasnt in the mood to socialize. Something was bugging me about the apartment fire, though I couldnt pinpoint it exactly.

A few minutes before 8, I stood up to leave. I waved to Trevor as I left the bar.



I went to the office around 9 the next morning and called Don Ritz. He answered the phone with a little edge in his voice. I sat back in my chair, wondering why he was so frantic over one apartment fire that might or might not be arson.

I have some more information for you, Mason, and I need to talk to you right away. I dont want to do this on the phone, he said quickly. That was fine by me. I preferred doing interviews in person anyway.	

Ill meet you at Julians Bar at noon.

I remember thinking how strange this whole thing seemed to me at the time. I tapped my pen on the desk and waited for an answer from Don.



When I got to Julians at 11:50, Don was already there. He was an older man in his late 50s, but for some reason he looked much older than he did yesterday. His wrinkles were more defined and he had dark circles under his eyes.

We stopped the arson investigation, he said before I even sat down.

What? I got out my pen to take this down.

The investigation is on hold due to lack of concrete evidence. It looks more like faulty wiring than arson anyway, but we havent checked for sure.

I leaned forward in my chair. You mean nobodys checked for sure? What specifically is the reason for that? I asked.

It was an old building, built in the 1920s. We attributed the cause of the fire to the apartment buildings age and saw no reason to investigate farther.

This didnt make any sense. Surely theyd make sure for insurance purposes, especially for those living there. Is the fire department in a habit of dropping these kind of investigations?

Don shifted uncomfortably in his seat and fidgeted nervously. The rest of what I tell you is off the record.

Just my luck, I thought. I sat my pen down on the table and leaned back in my chair.

We haven't completely ruled out the possibility that this could be arson. It might even look like Thompson is somehow involved.

I stood up without realizing how much attention I might draw to myself. What?

Mayor Thompson has had plans to build a new mall on the south end of town for years, but the Richardson Apartment Complex was in the way. Now that the buildings been destroyed, there's nothing keeping the mall project from taking off. Don't you think this could be more than just a coincidence?

Don, why are you telling me this if its off

Just listen, he said. We're not sure of any of this. That's why we don't want it to go public yet. This is merely speculation, and if word got out about the investigation, it would cause some serious embarrassment for the mayor.

It all seemed so strange to me at the time. I knew Mayor Thompson because I'd interviewed him several times, and I wasn't sure he would do something to that apartment building just to put up a mall.

Don, you know I cant do anything about this if were off the record. At least go deep background with me. Maybe someone would come forward with some more information if we ran the story. I picked up my pen, hoping he would give in. Deep background would at least allow me to get the word out, even if source attribution was vague.

I cant.

Then why are you telling me any of this to begin with?

I like Thompson. He's a good guy, and I don't really believe he could be involved with something like this. I want you to look into this, Mason, but I cant come forward and go on the record with you. Im sorry.

Don stood up and left the bar, leaving me sitting alone.



I sat at home that night perplexed, my head still spinning by what I had been told that afternoon, knowing I couldnt do a thing about it. Was there really a possibility Thompson had something to do with the fire? I let out a sigh and wondered why Ritz had to go off the record, when he knew I couldnt use the information if he did.

Whatcha doing? Lillian walked into my room as she held on to her cup full of water with both hands.

Just thinking.

Bout what?

Just stuff.

She put down her cup on my nightstand and climbed up next to me on my bed. She looked up at me and softly asked, Can I help?

I loved that little girl so much. I began to feel guilty that I didnt have more time to spend with her. No, this is complicated, angel. This is adult stuff.

Will you read me a story then?

Sure. Go pick me out a good book. Lillian ran to her bedroom and came back with a Curious George book. She sat quietly on my lap as I read, and before I even got to the end, we both fell asleep.



Wednesday, Sept. 29, 1999-The Parkview Gazette

Richardson fire investigation pending

From staff reports

According to the Parkview Fire Department, the arson investigation into the fire at Richardson Apartment Complex is temporarily on hold due to lack of concrete evidence.

Fire Chief Don Ritz said the cause of the fire might be due to bad wiring and run-down conditions in the building.

"It looks more like faulty wiring than arson anyway," he said.

Age of the building is another factor the fire department is considering.

"It was an old building, built in the 1920s," Ritz said, "We attributed the cause of the fire to the apartment building's age and saw no reason to investigate farther."



It was just after 2 in the afternoon, but it felt much later. I thought about going home because I knew I couldnt get any work done because of this whole thing about the fire and now the investigation being on hold. I had been making calls to various political officials and police officers in the area, but no one was giving me any facts. Most of the people I talked to just flat out refused to comment. I even tried to phone Thompson, who was not available, of course. After probably the 10th no comment, I had given up, slamming my phone down on its base.

What is this crap? I heard Dexter yell from his office. 
Reynolds, get over here! This is not how you write a freakin obituary, he roared, and the two were at it again. 

Get off my butt, Dexter! 

Dont you have any sense of vocabulary, or did you learn English as a second language?

Sometimes he came up with some great one-liners. Stephanie threw her hands up in the air and started to walk away.

Here, let me introduce you to a friend of mine, Dexter said as he picked up the nearest dictionary he could find. His nameRandom House Dictionary! Dexter launched that thing at her as if he were Zeus throwing his lightning bolts. Stephanie dodged the book and then spit out a few colorful expletives even I wouldnt use. I became so engrossed in their argument that I jumped when my phone rang. It was only Trevor.

Hey, sissy boy, I said, but Trevor didnt laugh.

Be serious. I just got a call about you. Sounded a lot like a threat to me.

Did you record it?

Trevor sighed loudly. No, I just sat here and peed myself while the guy talked to meof course I recorded it!

Lets hear it.

After some fumbling and a couple of four-letter words, Trevor played the call. 

WLYN

Yeah, Trevor. You need to tell your reporter friend to lay off the fire story, or hes gonna end up in a lot of trouble.

CLICK.

I sat in my chair and immediately went numb. I wondered who in the world would make a call like that.

Id watch out if I were you, man, Trevor said. I think whoever called me knows who started the fire.

"Come on, Trevor. We don't know if it was arson. A fine journalist you'd make jumping to conclusions like that."
I hung up the phone and immediately thought of Lillian. This call had to be some stupid prank, but just in case, I wanted her here with me. 

I got up to leave the office around 2:30.



Lillian!

Roger! Lillian ran up to Dexter and wrapped her arms around him. She was the only person I knew who called Dexter by his first name. Everyone loved it when I brought her to the office. That meant Dexter wouldnt swear or throw furniture.

How are you, sweetheart?

Im fine.

Are you here to learn to be a reporter like your daddy when you grow up? Dexter sat down and bounced Lillian on his knee.

No. I wanna be a cheerleader! She jumped off of Dexter's lap and began jumping up and down.

You have that look in your eyes, Mason, he said.

I stared him down to let him know this was important, that I needed to talk to him alone. He immediately picked up the hint.

Hey, Lillian, I have a really important job for you. Do you know what it is?

She stared up at Dexter and smiled. No.

I want you to go in my office and be my secretary. If the phone rings, you answer and write down who calls. Get their phone numbers, too. Can you do that for me?

Sure, Lillian said as she ran to Dexters office and slammed the door.

And no playing with the white-out like you did last time! His voice would have ranked high in decibels just then. 

OK!

Once we were alone, I told him about everything Don had told me off the record. Dexter sat back, a look of concentration on his face, as he tried to figure out how to handle this.

"This is big, he said. We have to get to the mayor.

Ive tried all day. He wont return my calls. I even went by his office earlier today, and his secretary said he was out.

Keep trying!

I seriously doubt hes gonna talk to any reporter right now with everything thats been going on, I said. Then, I thought of something I hadnt before, something that might work, someone who could get an interview with Thompson and somehow get him to talkStephanie.

Dexter shot me down immediately. You really think Im gonna let some green college intern do this story? I want a professional!

He doesnt know her. For all he knows, shes just a college student doing a profile for class or something.

Forget it!

Forget what? Stephanie walked up to us and put her hands on her hips. You dont think I can interview the mayor, Dexter?

Its not that. Its just that

Look, she said, He has no idea who I am. All Ive been doing here for the most part is writing obits. He doesnt know I work here. I can get him to talk to me. Maybe he had nothing to do with it, but is afraid to deny it because it might make him look bad.

I still dont like this.

She wants to do this, Dexter. Youd better let her. At least she was on my side. Maybe she could find something out the rest of us couldnt. "We have to find out about this somehow."

Fine, he said and waved her off with his hand. 



That evening I called my parents and asked if Lillian could stay with them for a few days. If Stephanie could get through to the mayor, we'd all be pulling some long hours, and Jill couldn't watch her the whole time. Mom said it was fine, and after we hung up, I tried to break the news to Lillian without upsetting her. She hated when I had to spend long hours at the office.

Grandma and Grandpa Lucas want you to come stay with them for a few days.

How come?

They miss you.

Lillian wasnt buying it. She looked at me the same way I looked at Trevor whenever he said something stupid. Dont lie to me, Mason.

I sat down on the couch and she climbed up on my lap. I stroked her blonde curls. Honey, the truth is Im involved in a really big story right now, so I'll be spending lots of time at work."

She frowned. "Can't I go to work with you?" 

"No, you can't. Dexter and the rest of us are going to be really busy. Just trust me on this one, angel.



Thursday morning I dropped Lillian off at my parents house and then drove to work. Stephanie had an interview with Mayor Thompson that morning, and I wanted to be in the office when she came back. She and I had gone over a list of questions the night before on the phone. 

Dexter met me at the door with a worried look of terror. Shes not back yet.

Maybe its going well.

She probably went to the mall to get her nails done, he said sarcastically.

I rolled my eyes. Gimme a break. Youre always such a jerk to her. I dont get it.

The kid has talent, he said. I pick on her because I want her to be good. In a way, she kinda reminds me of you when you started out.

Gee thanks. I had no idea I was that vain.

Cut the crap and get to work, he said and then chuckled. I went to my desk.

A few minutes later, Stephanie marched into the office, a huge grin on her face. She slammed her notebook down on my desk and screamed eureka.

What are you so happy about? Dexter said as he came out of his office.

I got him, she said. 

What did he tell you? Dexter and I asked simultaneously.

Well, I asked him about what he does, what kind a projects he has planned for the city, general stuff like that. Then he mentioned the mall on Jefferson he wants to build. So I asked him what kinds of procedures had to be done to put up a mall of that size in a residential area. He told me you had to get rid of the houses and apartments in the area and then get it re-zoned for commercial use.

So what? Dexter said. That doesnt tell us anything.

You didnt let me finish, Stephanie continued. After that he made a comment about how he could begin construction now that the Richardson Complex was gone. Then he got really quiet.

I swear, Dexter looked like a little kid who just found out he could open his Christmas presents early. Did you nail him?

Actually, what he told me was kind of interesting. He said he had nothing at all to do with that fire, and this was just a freak coincidence. He also said hes gonna do something to straighten this whole thing out, but still keep the mall project on tap.

Good work! Dexter said. We might actually have a story now.


We ran a story on Friday about Mayor Thompsons plans to build a new mall on Jefferson and the coincidence between the new mall site and where the apartment complex used to be, and Stephanie got her first byline with our paper. I guess she just needed to find that one story so she could prove herself to Dexter, but it only turned out to make her more arrogant than before.

I was just about to leave the office when she walked up to me. Hey, Mason.

Yes?

I know this might be weird because we work together, but do you wanna go out for coffee or dinner tonight?

I dont think so. I dont date people I work with, I said. And anyway, I have plans with someone else this eveningmy daughter.



Monday, Oct. 4, 1999-The Parkview Gazette

Thompson resigns from office

By: Mason Lucas

Staff Writer

In a press conference given yesterday in City Hall, Mayor Sam Thompson announced he would resign his position as mayor.

I feel I can no longer support the city as your mayor, so I am going to step down and let someone else take office, he said in his address.

He also announced that all plans for the new mall on Jefferson Street, just south of town would be cancelled.

I feel that Parkview needs more expansion in the way of retail, he said. But because of the strange coincidence between the fire and this project, I dont feel Im the man to initiate this expansion.

Fire Chief Don Ritz said he was not surprised about Thompsons resignation.

We are getting ready to drop the investigation about the Richardson fire and Thompsons involvement, he said. The fire department has concluded it was faulty wiring in the building that caused the blaze.

Even with the cause being known, Ritz said he felt bad for the former mayor. 

We feel this is something that needs to be put to rest, Ritz said, for the families of those injured and for those who are without homes. Plus, the situation has been humiliating enough for Thompson.
	


Just before I left the office on Friday, Trevor called me with a confession. Apparently he and that Freeman guy he works with thought it would be really funny to record a mock-threat call against me to rile me up last week.

That putz. Prank calls really are immature. Sometimes I wonder if that guy will ever grow up. I was so mad at him I skipped our usual drinks and rap session at Julians that next week. The thick-skinned retard didnt seem to mind.

Friday afternoon, I picked up Lillian after school, but something was different this time. I found myself hugging her a little tighter and a little longer than usual.

Two days after the resignation story ran, we found out about a press conference to announce plans to build a new apartment complex where Richardson used to be.

Of course, Ill probably end up covering the press conference. It's not really hard, breaking news not like what I had just dealt with in the last week or so, but as I said in the beginning, I was born to be a reporter.


