He watched her through the window.

The bitterness in the air crept its way under the warm confines of his jacket.  A shiver shot down his spine; equal parts from the cold and from the sight of her.  It  wasnt a good day to be standing, mouth gaping open like like an idiot, in the middle of January in New York City.  He had lost his cigarette in such a state of distraction.  He nearly lit another when he realized he didnt want a woman like her seeing him smoke.  Look at that, he mused.  A girl he didnt know had such an effect on him that he considered throwing his last pack of cigarettes off the Brooklyn and pouring his seven-shots-a-night scotch into his toilet.

Perhaps it was less noble than that.  Maybe he wanted to throw away his vices simply to be more appealing.  A much more selfish reason than to better himself.  Who was he kidding?  He just wanted to appear more appealing, as much as he would like to tell himself hed give it all up for her to be his new vice.  He knew hed be chain smoking and drunk every night as soon as he inevitably fucked things up for himself.

Self sabotage.

That was his true addiction  Even as he peered through the clear center of the frost-caked glass at the most captivating woman he had ever seen, he was setting himself up for it.  His thoughts of self-loathing were interrupted by the soft gaze she emitted as they locked into eye-contact for a brief, fleeting moment.  That old clich about hearts skipping beats was almost true, for a moment.  Instead, he felt one intense, harsh pump as adrenaline rushed to the tips of his fingers.  Then another.  Then one last, less extreme palpitation.

Her gaze ended a bit too prematurely in his eyes as she returned to clearing tables.  In reality, that small freckle of time was all they were allowed to share.  Again, he wanted to blame this on the universe, but it was his own self-destructive tendencies that wouldnt allow the two any more time with one another.  He turned and took exactly thirteen steps until he was no longer in view of the woman.

He lit another cigarette.

He walked away.
