Sophie gently placed the burning tin of old tiny mannequin bodies in the orange stained sand, a combination of orange juice and worm blood. The depressing heated metal sizzled and produced a puff of steam with a lingering sour smell. Her breaths grew erratic and short, her heart pounded, anxiety overwhelming, tonight was the night! Sophie placed the tray of sand in the middle of the octogram spiral drawn on the concrete floor, the spirits in the tin would soon run out so the ritual had to be completed quickly, she referred to her notepad for the following steps, though it was somewhat difficult to read in the dimly lit basement. Behind her on an old workbench covered up with a black silk sheet, there were 3 pouches made of different cloth, each containing a material of significance. Sophie grabbed a fist full of powder from the leather pouch, trailing a heavy dust on the floor, metallic powdered zinc, she flung the powder at the flames in the tin, on contact they erupted in a explosive bright blue flash, the tins flame now permanently tinted with sky blue streaks. Sophie clapped her hands together loudly, creating a cloud of metal powder which she blew away as she opened her grey stained hands. Next she turned and took a pinch of course powder from the filthy woven cotton pouch, foul smelling grey sand, dug from the beach, the filthy seaweed compost sand you find under about a foot of clean yellow sand at any beach which has seaweed readily decaying on it. Sophie sprinkled this foul smelling sand on tray, avoiding the zinc flames. Immediately, she grabbed the final pouch, made of linen and containing shredded paper with hand written text on the fragments, originally it was a poem addressed to a falsely accused convict Sophie had been exchanging letters with, this poem expressed a termination in their contact, which he would never read. This pouch she closed up and took to the corner of the room, placing it on a pillow, then placing said pillow into a large 10L industrial sized blender, covering at the bottom a hellish arrangement of twisted vanes spikes and rotary blades. Now came the hard part, Sophie stopped and took in 3 deep breaths to keep her wits about her. In the willow basket under the table the blender sat on was a tiny figure wrapped in a towel, young Daniel goor, a missing newborn taken from the St Theresa hospital, the police had been searching tirelessly for him since disappearing from the special care maternity ward. His mother a notorious crack addict had relapsed while pregnant again this time only weeks before his birth. It was likely he would not amount to much in life, compared to the chaos he had caused simply by being, his life would ultimately be fruitless and sad, which is why he was perfect for the cause. Sophie gently picked up the sleeping infant, discarding his blanket, which had a detection of hospital detergent and whiskey. Sophie cradled the child for a moment while he breathed nosily with a slight sharp reminisce of his infantile voice, weighing her efforts, investments and the gains against each other and the ramifications, it was an important decision, but one she concluded would not be ultimately regretted. Unto the linen pouch she placed young Daniel who continued to sleep deeply arms contracted clutching at the air, unaware of what went on around him. Sophie snapped the lid in place and faced the burning mannequins, and recited the 5 significant phrases the wolf man shared with her. She declared; Tear down the silent stone congress No safety, ill carry the logs on my back Im a pick pocket your grease is mine to burn The birthday wish is sealed in my jar Come alive, I am me
 
The mannequins continued to burn, Sophie stood silently, hoping for some confirmation her message was heard, but the room remained silent, until a sudden loud banging on the front door, loud voices of men yelling out but she couldnt make it out. CRASH!! A smashing noise, the men had knocked the door down. Footsteps echoed from all directions there was no time to think only to act. There was only two actions remaining and the ritual would be complete. Sophie turned and stared at the pink figure through the Pyrex window. Her chest ablaze and her mind needing but a second to process. BANG BANG BANG, the heavy clad basement door was being attacked and like that, the blender began to hum. For a moment the white figure appeared to sink, as the noise grey, then suddenly with not so much as a peep, the contents exploded into a deep bloody red and a deafeningly loud grinding blare, crunching, sloshing, getting finer and finer and the sound turning more and more consistent, white tufts of wool occasionally dragged on the walls inside the cyclone of gore and odd letters would stick, blitzing away as soon as they appeared. 3, 2, 1 done, the deed was done. Still inaudible shouting could be heard outside the room, the reinforced hinges of the door were starting to buckle.
 
Hastily Sophie grabbed the container, its gravity shifting, inside the slurry swilling, she removed the lid, a red mist emanated out, wreaking of death. Sophie poured out the contents into the burning in, the slurry splattering all over the floor, blood pooling around Sophies feet, the flame extinguished the room went dark, and in all but a second Sophie came to an understanding before the door finally gave way to the final ram. Men dressed in protective clothing from some law enforcement group or another barged in carrying guns, shouting loudly, what they said, inaudible. Sophie stood in the centre of the room in a pooled red slurry, in the middle of which a deathly metal steam sizzled from. As the light shon through the men were silenced by what they saw, at the same time Sophies chest began to burn, tears dripping from her eyes but a grizzly smile stretched across her maw as she beared her teeth. Eyes shut she raised her hands above her head in a display of surrender, pushing her thumb onto her index finger she formed a fist, then struck down, snapping her fingers. Everyone froze, a chill jolted through each mans spine, a background darkness overcame their spirits, their vision, blanketed in gloom. Sophie inhaled, and with her breath came the non-physical wills of the men, their joy, karma, and fortunes, all that the universe would gift them incrementally in time, everything that would not simply be left to random chance, the special human gift of magic. The raid team suddenly snapped out of their trance, otherwise unaware, and hesitantly surrounded the girl in the pool of remains. It wasnt a teenage girl standing there it was a monster. They shouted loudly instructions and closed in to make the arrest. A power welled in Sophie, something familiar yet at an unheard of intensity, immense power, at a magnitude strong enough it felt limitless. Sophie opened her eyes, still unable to wipe the grimace from her face. She once again raised her hands. Her eyes darted around the room, she counted, 3.56..7 theres 7 of them, her ears tuned into the location of each member of the raid team. The presence was overwhelming, as she stared blankly, in her mind her environment was mapped and each person was clear as day in full detail present in a full omnidirectional field of view. All targets she was locked onto. Sophies attention drew to the bubbling sputtering tin in front of her, it had some entropy left she could put to use.
 
Suddenly, as the men closed in, preparing to subdue their unsub, A pillar of flames erupted from the pool of blood, moving in sync as Sophies arms swayed about, in but a moment it circled the room and before any of the men could even change a facial expression each was engulfed in a fiery jet blaze, there were screams for a moment, but after a few moments the room went silent again, short of the screaming roar of the fiery serpent form which disappeared as suddenly as it appeared. , leaving behind only several small heaps of char. Not having taken so much as a step away since the ritual was completed Sophie begun to giggle, and erupted in laughter AHAHA AHAHAH HAHAHAHAHAHA!!!! I did it, it really worked, HAHAHA! The wolf man was right, I finally have it, Magic!.
 
By her will all the evidence pooled together in a mushy muddy ball, blood seeped from the floor, the equipment used, sheets, the materials, ashes, lighters, denatured spirits, all shredded itself and collected together in the middle of the room and began to levitate, the hovering ball then begun to smoulder with a bright hot flame like grassy coals, leaving behind not even ash. As this happened the home structure began to repair itself, the doors stood up on their own accord and fixed themselves in place, the wood of the frames crunched and re-joined to their original state. Soon, all the evidence had disappeared and the home looked exactly the same.
 
For the police to have suspected her enough there must be some considerable evidence, Sophie pondered, she was very much quite careful, there shouldnt have been any reason to suspect her of taking the child, unless. the wolf man tipped them off. Sophie had been wearing a disguise and operating under an alias during each operation, nobody followed her. The only possible leak was with him. Perhaps, was he testing her? But why? Whatever it was, she could will away any lingering evidence if they came poking around they wouldnt find anything anymore either, after all its nothing but the word of a stranger they seem to have acted on, what happened to the raid team? Who knows, who even remembers them?. This would blow over soon enough. Sophie was but an apprentice to the trade, there was much to learn, she would meet with the wolf man again.