"Have you heard of the movie 'Body Snatchers'?" 

"Yes, I'm familiar with it."

Across the table sat Miss Stockholm, a young petite lady in her mid twenties. Her wedding ring glistened in the sunlight shining in through the window behind me.

"Well, I know it's crazy but I'm convinced my husband has been replaced by a doppelganger."

That would be Mister Stockholm, they've been married for three years. Dated for four years prior. There was nothing wrong with their relationship, except that Mister Stockholm was not Mister Stockholm. I notice Miss Stockholm twist her ring in anxiety.

"Well, he looks exactly like my husband but he's not! I'm bloody sure of it!"

An appointment with Mister Stockholm was requested.

"May I ask, how is your relationship with your wife?"

"Oh, its been terrible the last month. She won't sleep in the same room as me! She won't even call me by my name! She's been treating me like a total stranger!"

"Only to you? No one else?"

"Yes!"

Her previous physician had concluded that Miss Stockholm had the Capgras Syndrome.

Patients with Capgras Syndrome suffer a delusion that the people around them have been replaced by identical copies. This results from the patient lacking the normal automatic emotional arousal integral with recognising familiar faces. Thus, even though the patient may recognise said person,  the lack of the accompanying emotional response results in a feeling of unfamiliarity.

I opened my briefcase and placed from within, a stack of cards before Mr Stockholm. They were pictures of famous landmarks around the world.

"Can you identify these landmarks?" I held up a card to him, the Spring Temple Buddha.

"I'm not sure I'm seeing the purpose of this, doctor."

"Mister Stockholm, rest assured, all this is for your wife."

He looked confused. "The Big Ben," he said.

"Last one."

"Obviously, The Statue of Liberty! But," he paused. Something was off. "I think the colours are wrong."

I placed the stack of cards back in my briefcase and looked at Mister Stockholm, the solid man in his mid- thirties, a glistening ring around his finger.

Miss Stockholm was not my patient. Mister Stockholm was.

"I hope you've had enough time to ponder on my question since I called to schedule our next appointment."

I could see that her wedding ring was now gone.

"Yes, I've thought about it and yes, something did happen prior to my husband's replacement. There was a blackout and a great tremor under our house. I thought nothing of it. Was it aliens landing to replace my husband?"

"No, Miss Stockholm. It most certainly was not aliens. However, you're right to say that your husband is not who he is. Miss Stockholm, do you believe in the Many-Worlds Theory?"