I don't really know how to start this off, I haven't really wrote anything in the past but I wanted to make sure that there was something out there that told things how they really were.

I should probably start from the beginning.

No one really knows how it started but its been rumored that the Russians were responsible for one of the most extreme biological attacks in the world. 
They packed that sucker in a missile and fired, seemingly not caring about innocent human lives. 
The missile hit on the North side of the continent. 
Even thought it eventually spread states like Oklahoma were kept from the bulk of the attack.

From what I heard on the news this disease they had cooked up was something straight outta a movie. 
It attacked people's minds and made them do things to other people I've never seen, it put them in a angry frenzy but prolonged exposure turned them into....monsters. 
They acquired a hunger which could never be satisfied and there was only so much food in stores especially with these monsters ambushing store trucks.

Me and my wife endured this world, lifestyle, cultural change for eight years. 
Then things were looking up for a time. 
The Military devised a clever way to get rid of these "zombies" using natural weather patterns. 
They used a virus of their own which attacked cells that had been mutated by the biological weapon which of course could only be found in the zombies. 
It rained everyday for 3 months, slowly killing every zombie on the continent until there were none left.

Turns out the military virus attacked more then just that one "unique" cell, people with green eyes had a rare cell which the virus didn't take kindly to. 
My wife had the most beautiful green eyes.

And after all that things still stayed terrible then got even worse.

Turns out the zombie crisis wasn't the epidemic after all. 
It was the people, the people never came back from it, they still lived in those eight years..........and liked it.

It wasn't the attack, the disease, that brought the world to its knees. 
It was us, mankind itself brought civilization to desolation.

So its pretty well been that way for the past 10 or so years now, I'm 53 and the year is 2993 and I'm still kicking as of writing this.

But it hasn't all been bad, not so far anyways. 
One day I was walking through an old Oklahoma town and found this kid, It'd say 15 or so, stuck in a bear trap screaming and sobbing. 
So I decided to approach the youngster but I tried to remain cautious to make sure it wasn't some sort of ambush.

Luke: HEY! You bet-...better STAY BACK! I AIN'T AFRAID TO USE THIS!!!

He had a BB-Gun but obviously thought I couldn't tell the difference from that and the real thing.

Ronin: Listen kid, see this? 
This is what they call a hunting rifle, now if I wanted to I could've shot you when I first heard you crying which was about a solid mile in the other direction.

I figured a threat coupled with some humor was good for the boy, I never had kids before so my judgement might've been slightly impaired.

Ronin:My name is Thomas Ronin now how about you tell me your name then maybe we can talk about getting this trap off ya.

Luke: I'm....I...I'm Luke but listen they got my dad, they took him and I don't know how long ago, they knocked me out! 
I need to get going now if I wanna catch up with them.

Ronin: wait wait just calm down a second and think, where was the sun when you and your daddy got jumped?

Luke: It was just getting ready to be dawn.

Ronin: Well we got 3 hours until nightfall so you're already a day behind and traveling during night with a limp isn't the best idea. I'll get you outta there then we'll set up camp and go looking for your daddy at first light. 
Sound reasonable?

Luke: Just get this off me.

He seemed to be of a stubborn nature and hated every bit of me for not cutting him loose sooner to go get himself killed, and threatened to kill me with a BB-Gun, we were gonna get along fine.
