I wish I could say that when I died, I didn't feel it. Unfortunately, the driver of the truck that struck me must have seen me at the last second, and slammed on the brakes. He still hit me, just too slowly to kill me on impact. I'll spare you the details, but it was unpleasant, to say the least. The driver saw that I survived the hit and attempted to save me, but the ambulance arrived too late. I had closed my eyes and the world had already faded to black.

And then I heard a voice say "Open your eyes." 

It didn't startle me. In a way, I'm only surprised that I didn't realise I was expecting it. I opened my eyes, and stood next to the scene where paramedics and police officers scrambled around, doing their jobs. It seemed so useless now. I was already dead, and the driver's emotional state was most likely shattered. 

I heard the voice again. "I am going to ask you some questions. You are welcome to respond in any way you like, but eventually, you will have to give a 'yes' or a 'no.'" I nodded slowly. It was so funny, I couldn't tell if it was a man or a woman. Perhaps it was a child. 

"Do you see it?" the voice asked.

I didn't have to turn around. I already knew what I would see. My torn up, battered body, brutally thrown from a car impact onto the pavement, surrounded by a dozen people that I didn't ever even meet. Or perhaps by now they would have found out who I was, and contacted a friend or family member. I didn't have to turn around. But I did anyways. My body, covered in blood and black marks from the blacktop, one of my arms and both of my legs twisted into unnatural angles, surrounded by at least 20 people. The driver's family seemed to have arrived, and more police officers and paramedics showed up. I watched for a short while, until finally, my body was placed into a black plastic bag, wrapped up, and placed into an ambulance.

I looked around, seeking the source of the voice. "Yes" was all I said.

There was a brief pause, and then: "Do you know why?"

I turned back to face the group of people surrounding where my body was, and thought about my night before then. I had been drinking, and hadn't even seen the truck. I could no longer see the driver, so I had no idea if he had been drinking. I had been wearing dark clothes and it was pretty late. But I hadn't seen the truck at all - were his headlights even on? I couldn't remember. It all happened so fast.

But it didn't matter, to be honest. I was drunk, walking home, wearing dark clothes, crossing streets without looking... Honestly, it was a textbook incident of a drunk pedestrian being struck by a perfectly law-abiding driver. This incidence will probably end up ruining the entire life of the driver who hit me. And it's pretty obviously my fault.

I turned back again, and without bothering to look around, just simply stated "yes." Yes, I knew why. 

Another brief pause, and then: "Do you understand?"

I nodded. Yes. I died. My life was over. I did not know what would happen next, but I knew that my family and friends would not see me for the rest of their lives, and there was a good chance I would not see them for that period either. Perhaps I wouldn't ever see them again. It's not like dying comes with a manual to what the afterlife is like. "Yes."

Another pause, this one much longer. "Are you ready?"

I turned to face the crowd of people again. Or perhaps crowd was the wrong word - the police were shooing people away, the ambulances were dispersing, and it looked like a police tow truck was coming to take the truck that killed me back to the station, perhaps for further searching. The driver and his family were nowhere to be found. Only 5 or 6 people remained. The accident, just like my life, was more or less over. 

I didn't turn back. "Yes."

But there was one thing. I had to know. It was useless to ask and the answer might make me regret asking but I had to know the answer. I could feel my consciousness fading, my mind evaporating, the my body becoming heavy, but I had to know just this one-

"Wait! I have a question for you!"

The pull on my consciousness stopped abruptly, then dissipated.

"Was there anything I could have done... Anything I could have done differently... Could I have done something different and avoided this? Was there something I could have done to live a long life?"

There was a long pause, and then my consciousness began to fade away again. But finally, just as it all went black, I heard the voice again.

"Yes."

I died on a Friday night. I was 23 years old.