Vidal drifted through space. It had been months since hed seen any sign of life, the last being a drone apiarist tending his mineral hives on the edge of settled space. He was shifting life to his friend Haros Weatherall on Lusitania.

Haros was a planet-developer and Lusitania was his newest venture, a hot young world just waiting to be seeded. Vidals old cadre-friend had gambled his net worth to purchase the rights to one fertile planet and the subsequent burst of interest from would-be colonists in the local cluster had financed a second, and then a third. Vidal had reached out to him. Did he need any help from an old cadre-friend? Of course, said Haros. History is as good a point of reference as any in quantum space, he had said.

It was a risk. Everything was a risk but Haros had shown Vidal that you didnt have to settle for one colony placing, just because your name came up on the ballot. You dont know what you dont know, he said.

Vidal drifted a bit further, feeling safe in this knowledge and the body of his spaceplane, which hed won on a chance wager also inspired by Haros casually reckless approach towards opportunity. The could have quite easily made him destitute (and this thought often haunted him) but instead he had found himself in unquestionable possession of one of the most advanced spaceplanes on the market. 

Too advanced for him, some said. Its sleek red carapace had certainly drawn attention over Verdanas orbital platforms. Vidal should have felt proud but then he remembered hed invested every point he had into this transfer, which was far from a given thing. Maybe it was just the awkward transition from suborbital flight.

Either way, he would have preferred to be invisible. He was learning and purchasing processing power as he could, but he lacked the neural bandwidth to utilise even half of the spaceplanes defensive capabilities, let alone offense. Hence why he was taking a barren route.

Hed invested practically every point he had into this cargo and lacked the neural bandwidth to use all the ships defensive features, hence why he was taking a barren route. Less patrolled but less travelled altogether. Vidal was gambling, gambling that every predator within the wispy galactic strand known as the Rio del Luz was too lazy to comb the vast channels of empty space between each system. 

One complete run like this would fund enough wetware  useful applications like 2NDWIND  to fund a body-shift to somewhere decent.

A couple of complete trade-runs and hed be able to equip himself to make a body-shift to a garden world like Haros did. Vidal was looking forward to checking out Lusitania.

His spaceplane was extremely comfortable. Not new, but new enough that it could still attract the wrong kind of attention. Hence why he was taking the scenic route up the Rio del Luz stellar band to Lusitania. Things werent as safe as they could be in the vast channels of empty space between stars. If a flight didnt arrive, for whatever reason, it was made more tolerable by the fact that three or four would for everyone that did not.

Choosing a barren route meant there was not much to catch his attention, so he travelled half in reverie to past the time, until a distress call woke him. It was very faint. The light waves just noticeable, pulsing from a nearby system.  The system was black  officially uncharted, like most of the rest around here. It was almost disappointing to be reminded that even here he was surrounded be people.

Against better judgement, Vidal shifted down and angled towards the system. There could be opportunity there, he reasoned. Perhaps an untrodden planet with a microclimate uniquely suited to growing  at this he briefly entertained an amusing vision of himself as an old-time pharmer  or one with rocks blown into a shape that star shippers wives would pay magnitudes for. Others had made themselves the same way, after all.

He nosed through the gentle push of the systems heliosphere, and traced the pulse to a small planet past a couple of looming gas giants, themselves more likely to pay in resources. 

The signal pinged from a small uninteresting world, perhaps about four million years too young for growing. The signal emanated from some land towards the base of the planet, so low that it seemed to poke out into the abyss below. 

Clouds of water vapour rushed past as he settled into a descent trajectory, booming across the sky and trailing an iridescent wake of condensation behind him. The signal was strong enough to place now, and he pitched towards a small array of volcanic islands, making several cautious passes over their serrated peaks before he felt confident he hadnt been lured into a trap. 

Eventually the source of the light dimmed to reveal two bodies, dancing on a beach below, apparently overjoyed by his arrival.

Everything alright? he buzzed them.

Great thanks, a mans voice said. Were just looking for a ride, if youve got the room.

Vidal could hardly turn them down now that he was here.Out of base curiosity, and some minor moral flicker, Vidal descended to let them on-board. I should warn you, his disembodied voice began.

I figured youd be droning. Just as well, the man said, grinning at his partner. Id have probably run off if I had anyone else to look at.

Just you wait, she said.

They introduced themselves properly and offered points to pay for their fare but Vidal declined. It wasnt nearly worth his time but  he felt obliged out of some ancient code of cooperation, perhaps the only major thing in common he shared with his ancestors. 

That, and they might be people of some influence. 

Not often you meet bodies out this far, he ventured.

No, its not, the woman sighed. Not often you meet anyone out here. 

We got dropped off, the man said. This place looks nice enough, and it is, but you cant settle with a broken catalytic converter.

Crazies, Vidal thought, but then they had just accepted a ride from a ghost ship. At least they were polite. You just had to be this far out.

So what are you doing out this far? the man said, hopping onto an unstacked crate. He seemed unsure as where to project his voice.

Superconductors. Im bringing superconductors to Lusitania, Vidal lied, feeling oddly self-conscious as they poked around his cargo.

Never heard of it.

Just a little M-Class up the Rio de Luz. Still being terraformed but Im told you can sit outside on nice days. I dont know where you plan to head but youll be able to get another ride from there.

Sounds expensive, the man said.

It sounds dreamy, said his partner.

Vidal climbed back into the black and twisted around the planet with the intention of refuelling over its gaseous older brother, which was painted in a virulent shade of cerulean. The travellers couldnt tell him anything about it, other than to say it made for dramatic sunsets.  

It couldn't provide a perfect blend of fuel but it would do the job. Sharply defined currents became towering banks of cloud as he descended to run a scoop, sweeping along slow currents and eddies that twirled at nearly 1000 kilometres an hour. 

He ran through different scanning frequencies to test them until something pinged back. 

What is it? the man said with interest, as Vidal killed their exit trajectory.

It was a ship. Vidal flicked through different light frequencies until he could see it himself, a dark shape embedded between competing bands of cloud. A tanker from the shape of it, drifting aimlessly around the gas giant's equator.

Very definitely a tanker, looking a bit banged up but bobbing on autopilot along with the current all the same. A rough scan showed there was nothing alive on board, but it was fully loaded. Vidal read the cargo approximation but the indication seemed off.

He scanned it again and felt weightless.

 I think, he said, concentrating to avoid a collision, I may have just struck gold.

What is it? the woman asked.

Awe-struck by this sudden twist of cosmic fate, Vidal did not see the Golden Eagle slink up from a band of matted cloud like a smoking comet. The ballistic reviewed his vessel and decided on an innocently-extended air brake, slamming into it with a hot explosion that severed Vidals link, but not before he got a flash of a trillion patent-grown seeds spilling uselessly into a soft teal sky.

Vidal blinked. He was lying in a pilots cradle, back home on Verdana in the sleek surrounds of the local Ikarus clinic. He propped himself up on one elbow and swore softly. An alarm pinged and a concierge arrived with a sympathetic glance.

Rough day?

Only for my wallet. Vidal blinked rapidly as he did the numbers. Fucking warp spiders and their cheap tricks. He swore a rash oath to go back and avenge the setback while the concierge diligently unpicked him from the cradle. Vidal felt his blood run hot and cold as he weighed up the debt to his creditors.

The concierge was familiar enough with this type of thing to know not to say much. He left a small glass of distilled water and pushed his trolley along, moving down an aisle lined with people who twitched and flinched occasionally as they did business or lived life some hundreds of light years in every other direction.

Vidal collected himself and stepped out of the clinic. On most days he could admire Verdanas delicately frosted climate but today the cold plains beyond the concourse windows just served as a reminder that he had a lot more time here ahead of him, a lot more time before he could catch up to Haros, who was probably basking in Lusitanias sun while Vidals competitors plied him with their life-sculpting proposals. Haros was always a step ahead, always one body-shift further towards the rich supernovae of the Centre.

Vidal wondered if hed ever get there and felt another wave of hot shame roll over him for having lost his prized vessel. It might take him months to raise the capital for anything half as fast. He decided it was all he could to dig himself in the hole a bit further and indulge an old post-link tradition with a meal of real protein. He wandered along different concourses on unsteady feet, and it was only when he found a small but promising-looking food court down the way that he realised hed forgotten all about the travellers.
