" Hyper Transport ship for Dyolon leaves in ten minutes". All passengers slowly started moving through Mars terminal in Walssam, towards cargo bay of Hyper ship. This one was really old, beaten up one. Graviton motors looked like they are put together from ten different ships. Just by looking it, you would realize why it is the cheapest ship to Dyolon.


"Oh, well" - thought Robert. "Lilly, i must go now". "Really, i must go. There wont be another ship in three weeks. We talked about this hundred times."


"Yes!". Lilly had a face somewhere between joy, disappointment and relieve. "And we really need those credits!"


"Yeah, credits ... For Stephanie and Michael's school fees. And food. We wont be eating reallibaz anymore, Lil!" - Robert tried to make happy face.


'"Of course! Of course! I just wish that you weren't miner. Dig out pilot is much more safer position."


"Yes it is. And it pays thousands of credits less, Lil."


"I know, i know." . Lilly was shaking her hands around like she is trying to grab something.


"Three minutes left for boarding Hyper Transport ship for Dyolon " - echoed the Walssam, Martian's oldest and biggest Space port. It was built by first colony, in 2600's... It looked like it needs everything new. New roof, new benches. And it definetely needed those refugees from Illidramia gone. Since third colony wars, those awfull, insect like beings were coming to Mars in millions. They are awfull just to look them at. Cant' be modified to do anything usefull. Add boy, do they smell bad.


"Rob, you will miss the ship. Ok, go. Go, baby." - Lilly hugged Robert.


"No, i wont... Ok, goodbye dear. Come on, we will talk everyday on tyncomm."


"Yeah. You will be lights years away, yet, on tyncomm, you are instantly here."


"Yeah, yeah. Ok, bye"


Robert took his two trunks, and put them on boarding robot. He started slowly going towards Hyper's passenger level.


"Bye, Lilly! I love you" - Robert waved his both hands.


"Bye baby , i love you too!"


Hyper transport ship slowly started warming its graviton engines. Screens on Wallssam started displaying images of Dyolon. " Wish them a happy flight" -robotic voice announced. " Fifth transport ship for Dyolon is departing from Bay seven, Walssam port."


Lilly looked again to the sky, ship was now just a glowing dot in Martian sky.


She slowly started walking towards the space port exit. "I must make lunch for kids . I must clean up our living deck. Oh, i must go to repair tommorow, too. I need those new power source parts.. Really need them."