Archibalds apartment was an open and sparse affair, with no doors to speak off besides the front door. He didnt need them. He lived alone, save for the occasional visit from a certain Azata Angel that served as his lover and often as his temptation to the light. Satan, of course, knew of this arrangement, but turned a blind eye to her second-in-commands love affair because she knew that he was loyal and, ultimately, irredeemable. This didnt stop the greater Azata, Raphaela, from stopping by on this particularly cold day in Hell. The chaotic good Angel, diametrically opposed as she was to his alignment, couldnt help but try to save him. She lounged on his couch, taking her natural form, a beautiful fair skinned Elven woman from the waist up and a green scaled serpent from the waist down.
	
Dear, could you make me a drink? Im thirsty. She requested in a singsong voice. He smiled, but quickly forced his face back into a neutral grimace and said, You know I dont keep alcohol. It's too... disordered. Too many variables. Raphaela rolled her eyes before sliding off the sofa and over to Archibald, whose shoulders she threw her arms around. Go and get some, please... Archibalds eyes wavered; he knew she was tempting him into committing an act of chaos in direct defiance of his sworn oath of sobriety. He briefly admitted to himself that everything was good in moderation, even chaos and drinking, before throwing the idea out the window and righting himself mentally. He shook his head and said, No, Im afraid I cant do that.

Raphaela sighed and moved away from him, back to the sofa. Archibald twitched, wishing silently that he had done as she had asked. Her affection was the one thing he truly enjoyed. Even conquest and damnation were only work obligations. He fulfilled them with gusto, certainly, but there was little enjoyment to be had in such grotesque work. He felt nothing, as he should. He relaxed his shoulders, knowing she would recognize his tense stature and attempt to help him calm down. He knew he should not take part in such indulgences, but still... she was always willing, and he knew that Satan would not care so long as he accomplished his duties efficiently and remorselessly. He exhaled just a little too loudly, and she looked up from her scroll.

Sweetie, what is it? Is work bothering you? You should take a break- Archibald held up a hand, and said, Have you not heard the phrase, No rest for the wicked? I will take no such break. Immediately he regretted snapping at her, and opened his mouth to apologize, but only smoke poured out. His anger had gotten the better of him, and his arrogance prevented him from saying anything. He shut his mouth and cut his losses. 

It's getting late, you should go. He said. Raphaela laughed and said, What should I, an immortal being of near infinite Celestial power, care if day turns to night? It is but a hours to my eternity. No, I shall stay for as long as I please. It's warmer here than it is in Elysium. Desna often mixes it up, but favors the cooler temperature. I can always count on Nessus being a warm 110 degrees. Archibald knew she was lying, but didnt have the heart to argue with her. He was conflicted, torn between his calling to law and evil, and his draw to be with her. She should have been his mortal enemy, but she was instead his closest ally, and his greatest weakness. 

May I sit with you? he asked, gruff yet vulnerable. She feigned consideration, holding a finger to her chin. Hmmmm... maybe. If you say please. She grinned. She loved having power over him. His mouth twitched into a smile for a split second before he gritted his teeth and said, Please, may I sit with you, Raphaela? She smiled and said, Of course. Come, sit right here. She patted the seat next to her. He marched over and sat down sharply, pushing the sofa back a few inches. She coiled around him, and laid her head against his shoulder. She smiled and closed her eyes. He smiled and closed his.

Mastema watched all of this through her gun sight, just over a mile away, carefully targeting Raphaelas head. She considered taking the shot. She had every reason to do so. Archibald was weak in his moment of intimacy. She felt betrayed and disgusted by his choice of companionship. She even had the approval of Satan, should she feel that the security and order of Hell were threatened by his relationship with the Azata. Yet, she didnt. She knew he was too powerful. He would destroy her and all she had built, and would then rebuild it all in his own image. The only person powerful enough to destroy him was Satan herself, and perhaps a few other gods, but Mastema knew that Satan would not protect her from Archibalds wrath should she strike prematurely. She pulled her finger away from the trigger and rested it on the trigger guard. Another kill for another day, she said in her head. Patience is a virtue. She stood up, slung the gun over her shoulder, and walked away into a portal of darkness and fire.

-----

This is the first draft of the second chapter to a short story I'm writing about the Big Bad of the Pathfinder campaign I'm running (I'm a nerd, I know). The main character is Archibald, Hell's Lord Inquisitor, essentially the head of the Infernal Internal Affairs. Though it is set in a standard Tolkienien fantasy multiverse, Hell is not restricted by those laws and is a fusion of medieval, modern, and futuristic, with influences from all over time and space. Critiques welcome.