The McDonalds executives sat at a meeting together at the top of a very tall building that, from outside, looked like it was made of glass, but inside was as comfortable as a five-star hotel. Michael Moore had made a documentary recently exposing the poor quality of their food and many of their dirty business secrets.

We have to do something to counter this documentary, one executive, called John was saying, improve our image. Show the world that McDonalds is still number one. I think we should start by tidying up our restaurants, but that alone isn't enough. We should make ourselves more nationalist and show that we have an interest in current affairs. We should try and give McDonalds the image of a hero.

A few weeks later giant American flags were flown near every McDonalds restaurant in America, Australian flags near every restaurant in Australia, and so for every country in the world that had a McDonalds restaurant. McDonalds flags began to appear in public streets with slogans like: McDonalds supports your nation. McDonalds supports YOU.

This still isn't enough, John said to the executives at their next meeting, we need something more. Let's get our mascot, Ronald McDonald, and send him to Syria. We can have him surrounded by cameras and American soldiers, and bring back footage of him killing lots of terrorists.

So, one day while Ronald McDonald was magically conjuring a delicious McDonald's burger for a group of school-children like usual, he received a tap on the shoulder by a man in sunglasses and a black suit who said We have a new mission for you.

Shortly afterwards he was sent to Syria, more of an actor than a soldier- but the base he was sent to was attacked by the enemy shortly after he arrived and he was captured by ISIS.

He woke up in a tiny cell strapped to a chair, and a light in front of his face made him blink. A dark, bearded man emerged from the shadows, sat in front of him and began to ask him lots of questions. He interrogated Ronald McDonald and especially demanded to know about American military secrets, to which Ronald said I don't know, I don't know!

You don't know? the terrorist said, the lamp still shining on Ronald's face. Do you think this is a game? Do you think this is funny, you little piece of filth? You've spent your whole life insulting Islam!"

No- I've never insulted Islam, I swear! I've never even met him!

Don't play ignorant with me! You've insulted Islam every single day since you were born. You've used your fame to advertise pork!

No, I haven't! Ronald McDonald cried desperately, it's beef in those burgers, I swear!

Do you think jihadists are stupid!? the terrorist screamed, what do you think is in the Bacon and Egg Breakfast McMuffin!? he banged his fist down the table.

I... I... Ronald McDonald stammered.

Well? What do you think's in it? Bananas? Pickles!? he banged his fist down on the table again.

I've never heard of it, I swear!

Oh, really? the terrorist stood back with deadly calmness, and turned slowly around as Ronald McDonald watched him anxiously.

Someone in the shadows handed the terrorist something, then he threw some photos down on the table. The top one featured Ronald McDonald holding up the Breakfast McMuffin, smiling and surrounded by children. I guess that's just some other Ronald McDonald, is it? the terrorist said sarcastically, almost spitting with disgust. I guess you'll try and tell me there are lots of people who go around dressed like that, just pretending to be Ronald McDonald the Clown, advertising bacon, are there? I suppose McDonalds just drags people off the street for no reason and says here's a clown suit, go pretend to be Ronald McDonald and we'll pay you handsomely!, do they?

I'm sorry, I'm so sorry! McDonald wailed, please stop, I can't take it anymore! and he burst into tears.

The terrorist sat back in his chair and watched the clown for a few moments, waiting for him to calm down. Eventually the man showed him a copy of the Koran and said, Are you familiar with this book?

No said Ronald McDonald, what is it?

The Muslim began to explain the Koran to him, and flipping through a few pages found the verse he wanted and said See this? This Koran challenges disbelievers to find any other book in the whole world that is the like of this Koran. In fourteen thousand years no one has been able to.

Wow, said Ronald McDonald to himself, I don't know what this book is, but I've never heard of any book so sure of itself that it issued a challenge to the whole world to find a single book as excellent as itself! This must be something really, really special!

The Muslim then began to talk about how America had a long history of oppressing Muslims; how it had attacked Iraq under false pretences; expounding on all the crimes of the kafir and the grace of Prophet Mohammed. The more Ronald McDonald heard, the more he felt drawn to this new religion, and before long Ronald McDonald expressed shock, horror and anger at every atrocity of the west the Muslim mentioned, and amazement and wonder at the love, patience, kindness and grace of Prophet Mohammed. In fact Ronald McDonald soon converted to Islam, and swore to say his five prayers a day, abstain from alcohol (even though he had never really drunk any) and never again advertise pork, but only healthy, halal alternatives. He became quite popular among the jihadists, in large part due to his ability to magically conjur chips, coke and beef burgers, and they even forgave the fact that the food was American. Ronald McDonald is a good Muslim, always bringing with him the splendrous bounties of Allah, one said approvingly as he dug into his chips. Eventually ISIS released him.

One day, a man covered from head to toe in black with a black turban and veil over his face was seen walking through an airport with a long, cylindrical object.

Sir, one of the airport security said, what is that object you're holding and trying to bring on board your flight to America?
Oh this? said the man with a heavy Arabian accent, It's nothing, nothing!

It was a bazooka.

Security! Help! the airport guard shouted, then he added, There is no way you're bringing THAT onto an airplane! When they tore the veil from the man's face it turned out to be Ronald McDonald. They looked at him in surprise and then someone said: Search him.  The only other thing he had on him was a copy of the Koran.

News of this incident came to John, who, when he heard of it, could scarcely believe Ronald McDonald had been found. He paid off the right people, including the American government, and had Ronald McDonald brought to him somewhere in the executive's building to arrange a meeting.

Ronald McDonald! he exclaimed, where have you been? After the base was attacked we didn't hear from you! We were all worried you were dead!  Why didn't you contact us to tell us where you were? Are you alright? You're not hurt?

Ronald McDonald's eyes were full of hatred. Filthy American dog, he hissed. You butcherer of our people. You kafir pig. We shall take revenge on every man, woman and child of the West for the Muslim blood you've spilled, and still spill every single day!

What? Look, Ronald-

Don't speak to me, American swine! Your portion is with the disbelievers, but my portion is with Allah!

Ronald-

Allahuakbar! Glory to Allah and to His Prophet, peace be upon him!
Ronald?

I said, Allahuakbar!

Ronald-

ALLAHAKBA!

John tried to reason with Ronald McDonald, but it was no use, the only responses he got were accusations of crimes against Muslims mixed in with slurs such as American swine and exclamations of Allahuakbar!

 At the next meeting of executives John said, As most of you have probably heard, we've found Ronald McDonald... But I don't think we should use him as our mascot anymore.

Why not? the executives asked. Whatever happened, it can't be that bad.

I think I can best answer that, replied John, with some of the footage we got from Syria... he pressed a button on a remote control and the footage appeared a large flatscreen TV.

There were seven hostages on their knees with black bags over their heads. Ronald McDonald stood in front of them waving a machine gun in the air, furiously shouting Allahakba! Allahakba!. John pressed another button and the footage changed: Ronald McDonald was marching across the sand carrying the gigantic, black flag of ISIS. In the background the Arabic song Al Sawarim or Clash of Swords was playing, so this scene was probably taken from one of ISIS's upcoming propaganda videos. John pressed another button and the image changed again: now Ronald McDonald had a machine gun. He was surrounded by gunfire, clouds of dust rose everywhere, in the background there was an explosion and a building crumbled to the ground with shouts of shock and exclamations and Allahuakbar! Ronald McDonald was firing at an enemy that couldn't be seen on the screen, and next to him a man in a turban suddenly fell down dead as a bullet blasted his brains out. Ronald McDonald fell on his knees beside the dead man. My brother in Allah! Ronald cried. His eyes turned wet with tears and his fists clenched so hard they shook. Ronald McDonald leapt up: American dogs! he screamed up at the air, perhaps looking at a helicopter or American plane, his eyes red and swollen with furious tears, You'll pay for this! You will pay for the blood of every single one of my Muslim brothers and sisters! he began firing his machine gun again and again as bullets raged around him: Allahuakbar! he shouted furiously, Allahuakbar!

John pressed a button and the video paused. Ronald McDonald's face was frozen against the screen in a look of terrible rage. John turned around to face the McDonalds executives. There was a stunned silence that lasted for about one minute.
Well, someone said, ... I really don't think there's any good response I can give to that.

Maybe we could just edit out the parts where he says Allahuakbar and make it look like he's killing terrorists? another suggested, and I'm sure if someone just spoke to him-

John put up his hand to cut the person off short. Are you telling me, he said, ... Are you really- I mean... Look, none of you can possibly think that THIS, (he unpaused the video and pointed to the TV screen. Ronald McDonald stood there with a black turban screaming Allahakba! Allahakba!) - could POSSIBLY make a good mascot for our restaurant? He re-paused the TV.

There was another awkward silence.

Who would have guessed that Ronald McDonald would get radicalized? one executive murmured.

Well, that's what terrorists do, another said, brainwash people who feel marginalized from mainstream society, or left out. Come to think of it, that's probably how Ronald McDonald felt... I mean, how many other clowns do you see in this society? And you don't exactly see them in respectable well-paid jobs, do you?

Yeah, another executive agreed. Maybe it's partly our fault. I mean, it can't feel good for them- clowns, I mean. You know. Always getting laughed at by people all the time.

I guess if you mistreat clowns too much, another executive said, this is what happens?

(Ronald McDonald screamed on the TV: Allahakba! Allahakba!
-Sorry, John said, pressing the button again, Accidentally un-paused it.)

Well, we have no choice, someone said at last. We'll just have to try and un-radicalize him. It'll be hard, but how else are we going to restore our image? It just isn't the same without Ronald McDonald.

No, I've already tried, said John. I think he's too far gone. The best we can do is try and pretend he's still dead, that he died in the war. We should try and make a martyr and a war hero of him- don't know why we never thought of that before.

Suddenly there was a desperate knock at the door.
Come in! said John.

It's Ronald McDonald! a secretary said as she came quickly in, somehow... he's escaped from the building!

As the executives stood up in a panic there was a sudden, distant shout of Allahuakbar! and then an explosion that toppled their entire building.

Ronald McDonald had been wearing a suicide vest under his clown clothes, and, after a final shout, had detonated the trigger and died a martyr.

This is the true story of how Ronald McDonald went to Syria, became radicalized, and turned into a suicide bomber. So remember that the next time you want to go around laughing at clowns.