It was a quiet night on the night it happened. On this night, things took a turn for the worse. Or, perhaps, if you share their point of view, you might say it took a turn for the better.
But regardless of where you might stand, it was an...interesting happening to say.
Were one to look at the planet well this peculiar phenomenon was taking place, they may have been unsettled when they saw everything humans made, and yet with no humans to be found among such things.
Meanwhile, the aforementioned humans were equally perplexed when they found themselves lined up like cattle in a giant, seemingly infinite golden atmosphere, with the ground appearing to be made entirely of an otherworldly glassy yellow alkaline, or perhaps better described as some such substance akin to gold or diamonds.
These humans, having lived in a world of sin their entire lives, did the only thing they knew how to do. Massive numbers of them began to fight. And just like that, their fellow humans watched indifferently as they dropped dead like flies, though certainly flies that had bitten.
And all around the world, perhaps one million (out of the former 12 billion) humans remained standing. 
And then, those who had watched with indifference died. Only fifty-thousand remained.
And it was then that heard a voice, and they saw projections in the sky of a tall being. It was not (a) God, nor was it another human.
It stood tall, not unlike a human, though with a shiny, grey skin tone, with wide, beady eyes and no clothing.
And it was then that it spoke, in the most haunting, shrill voice, like a knife against the most resilient of flesh:
HUMANS. HUMAN RACE. HUMAN HUMAN HUMAN. WHERE YOU STAND TODAY IS YOUR FINAL JUDGMENT.
 WE HAVE COME TO DELIVER YOU FROM SIN.
WE HAVE COME TO CLEANSE YOUR WORLD OF THE UNCLEAN. 
THOSE WHO BELIEVE YOU ARE WITHOUT FAULT, WHO BELIEVE YOU ARE WORTHY OF YOUR NEW WORLD, STEP FORWARD NOW, AND ENTER EVERLASTING PARADISE.
And it was then that an insurmountable amount of people stepped forward, a deafening boom following alongside humanitys singular, unified footstep.
And following this was another deafening boom. Not of the thousands of feet, but of those same 49,999 bodies dropping to the floor.
And among those billions of bodies, only one remained alive. 
A child, crying in fetal position on the smooth, glassy floor among the corpses.
It was then that the tall grey man, the alien, descended from the sky, gently landing beside the girl.
And the girl looked up at him, her eyes wide. As the tall grey man touched her forehead, her tears dried, and the tall grey man took her hand, helping her to her feet, and put his hands on her shoulders, staring into her untainted, naive eyes.
HUMAN. HUMAN. We will never hurt you. And they will never hurt you, for the world is finally clean.
With that, the tall grey man lifted the girl to his chest like a baby to its mothers breast, and ascended into the black sky, the eleven-billion and nine-tenths of bodies shrinking below them. 
And the girl finally spoke, the most perfect smile one could have on her face.
Thank you.
