The Dark Secrets of the Wicker Basket

I havent known the sun for what seems like my entire life. It seems to always be winter here, so cold. Im not even sure where I am anymore. I see people in the shadows, floating like mist across the rotten wood floors of this place. They speak with sounds of joy and hope on their tongues. They speak a language I dont understand, and the words trail off into whispers. Yet they remain faceless with grayish porcelain skin. They pass around me. 
 I call out to these specters seeking a response. Only a few halt. Seemingly frozen in fear as if they heard something terrifying and unknown to them. Seconds pass and then all at once, the handful of still beings hover off into the darkness. 
 I hear a voice slowly start resonating in my head. Starting soft and almost going unnoticed. It is accompanied by constant ringing that gradually becomes louder. As it grows and the voice begins to repeat, overlapping, I can feel the pressure in my head build. 
 All at once a sharp silence murders the noise. The disorientation is staggering. In a quick flash, all of the ghostly apparitions floating around me light up like candles and are gone. The voice comes back through the silence as clear as ever, The secret is inside the wicker basket. 
I look around the darkness for this basket. Maybe its the answer as to where I am, or whats going on. But everywhere I look I just see these rotten empty wooden floors. And stranger yet, I still havent found a wall anywhere in this room. I feel far more lost and confused as I search deeper in this darkness. Soon realizing that I am completely alone and I cant even hear the sounds of my feet on the floor beneath me, I begin to run. Eventually I must come across something.
 I feel something in my hand. A knife. Its a rusty, chipped knife. I have no idea how this came about, but at this point I am terrified and nothing has made any sense thus far. Im happy to have a weapon of some sort.
 This darkness is blinding but not infinite. I see something in the distance. As I draw near I realize I am approaching a wall made of wood. The planks of wood are weaved in and out of one another. Upon further inspection I see carvings all over the wood and knives just like mine scattered across the floor.
 I read the etchings; there must be a thousand of them. Every one an exact copy of the rest, I am the secret
