I can't stop.
 
If I do it means death.
 
Death? Men of a past era knew this word all too well. Thoughts labelled as "existential" now begin to cross my mind. I'm sure those concerns haven't disturbed many minds for quite some time. The end of this life isn't spoken of; it isn't shown. I wasn't even sure it existed up until now.

This world had felt unequivocally safe.

For me the reality is no longer as such. I have done the unthinkable; I will be punished. There are countless places to run. Safety won't last. I will be ferreted out of any hole I dig myself into. I can't fathom a life of looking over my shoulder.

"Flee the city!" He screamed at me when he found out. I had never heard him say a single word in that tone. It scathed my pride. It was a demand; not for my own safety, but for his. This reaction wasn't kneejerk. We had grown increasingly toxic once the infertility diagnosis had come to light; it was an easy out for him.
 
I keep my pace. I'm surprised how well my lungs are holding up, considering their minor use all these years. I spot it up ahead, the "DO NOT ENTER" signs now acting as a landmark as opposed to a deterrent. An infertile being seeking refuse in the only fertile land for hundreds of miles, does that count as irony?
  
The solace of such a unspoiled landscape, it is hard to describe. The calming winds hit my face as if to promise they are going to take me back in time- to a place where things were so much more... complicated.

Peace is now a silent war within itself.
 
The men of "Dead Air" will come for me. My mind races. My emotions change quickly. The moment is overwhelming, I feel as though I'm in a constant state of falling. I'm not sure if I'll ever catch myself.

If what I have done is considered blasphemy then they can take me. I should phrase it that way when I see them; I'm sure they will appreciate it.

The rank-and-file have taken longer to arrive than expected. It seems that Mechsmith really did remove my transmitter. You never know if those men do what they charge you for.
  
"Suppose I should have packed myself a lunch." I jest to the trees.
It feels good to joke, better to laugh; even if it is at my own farce.
Tactical boots crunch on burnt leaves. That poor lonely maple tree, like the earth it extends its roots into, it has seen better days. At least it's fading life has given my assassin's position away.

They stand and wait for me to turn, in silence. I relish these few moments, I'm aware the soldiers won't end my life until I face them. It's a sick game. I feel like a gun-slinger, at the final show-down in one of those long forgotten movies.

I don't have a gun. 

It's bitter-sweet. I had always sensed that I was fated to be here- in this moment; a self-fulfilled prophecy. Fear climbs my spine. I turn to meet my fate. I acknowledge them.

"I'd like to know the charge." I declare calmly; the masked men flinching as the words leave my mouth.

They stand silently in angered shock. Now they know I am undoubtedly guilty. Each man's finger quickly resting on their rifle's trigger, warning me to choose my next words wisely. 

"I want to hear it before I am brought to your justice." I push.

One of the men begrudgingly tosses a small device on the scorched brown grass. A recorded voice becomes audible: "O.L. Act - Chapter H.8 - Section 3 - No citizen will-" 

"I am charged for speaking!" I shout over the recording. The men again cowering to my voice. It doesn't matter so much as to what I say, but the fact I say anything.

I don't see myself a hero, I didn't stand in front of a tank or light myself ablaze. I simply spoke. I had simply been human.

"You may not agree with what I said, but I not will allow this society to insulate itself any longer!" I scream, tears beginning to cloud my vision. "I will not be silenced by you damned cowards!"

This really irks them; this insult. How great it feels. I wonder the last time they were told even a small criticism? To make one think is a small victory.   

"All citizens have the right to comfort. Abusive and offensive language will not be tolerated, the state sentences you to death!" The outraged leader shrieks at me.

I have done it, I have made the solider speak, and in this moment he is a hypocrite. In this moment he is me. He is killing himself. 

I feel the metal rip my flesh as they fire upon me. What hurts more is the overwhelming fear that I am alone, that I am the last.

As I lie on the ground I hear the buzz of countless security cameras quickly turning from my position. This wasn't just a tranquil place for me to calmly die, it was tactical. This sparse nature broadcasted to millions, live. They will have seen me, one frail being showing strength in the face of oppression, of guaranteed death. I can only hope.
 
My fear isn't that no one had heard me, but no one wanted to hear me. 