It is not common for two strangers to simply bump into each other on the barren, rocky coasts of Maine, especially not that particular coast on that particular island, where no man can safely traverse the wave-worn rocks. It is for that reason that it is not all that peculiar that the two strangers who did meet on that morning struck up a conversation.

Good morning, said Bill to the stranger.

Is it, though? replied Arthur. This, as you may know, is not an expected response to your typical good morning, so it threw Bill for quite a loop and he paused before answering so he could think about just how to do so.

How do you mean? It seems to be a very fair morning from my perspective.

You must not have heard about the tragedy, then? asked Arthur.

Once again, Bill said nothing for a few moments until he realized what this stranger was talking about.

Ah, he said. I did hear tell of a great accident, if thats what youre referring to.

Im referring to the tragedy of last night, in which thousands of lives were lost, said Arthur with a bitter frown.

Some would call it a miracle, what happened, replied Bill, feeling an increase in his blood pressure. He kept his voice steady. My sister was on that ship and, though she has yet to return home, I am quite certain that she survived and only because of this tragedy that you speak of.

But at what cost? moaned Arthur. Thousands of lives were lost to the sea!

Those people were going to murder my sister and hundreds of our kind, you understand? Let the sea take those savages and their trickery.

Thats barbaric, replied Arthur. Those are lives that you speak of so flippantly.

Murderous lives that got what they had coming to them. Their treatment of our kind is what is truly barbaric, snapped Bill. I will soon have my sister back and many others will have friends and family members back who were once doomed. I will receive her happily and thank the gods that destroyed that ship and the barbarians on it.

Arthur gasped. Crawl back into your hole, you morbid monster. How can you not see this as the disaster that it is?

How can you not see this as the miracle that it is? said Bill, his temper rising. Scuttle back under your rock, you liberal creep. 

Just as it seemed that the discussion would become physical, a large shadow passed overhead and the two lobsters scooted under the nearby shelter of a rock, momentarily forgetting their disagreement. 
