She felt the trunk open.    The cold night air rushed over her body, mixing with the beads of sweat that covered her, she wanted to shiver, but couldn't.    Her hands and legs were tied together,  she could feel the rope cutting into her skin every time she struggled to move.

Stars were forming in front of her,  the blindfold he had tied onto her was to tight.   The rag that was forced into her mouth was dry and rough, if she didn't breath through her nose she'd gag, and she didn't want to gag again.      

He looked down at her.    She was the first piece to his plan.     It had been a lonely and painful ten long years, but in that time, he prepared everything.  He reached over and gently placed his hands across her hands and in a slow long drawl he whispered "we're here." 

Again, slow with a drawl he says "I'm going to untie your legs now, and we're going to walk into a building.   You can scream, and you can shout, you can even try to run, but no one will hear you, no one will help you, and you'll feel worse than you do now. " 

She nodded her head, and so he untied her legs, and helped her out of the trunk.    He fixed her skirt, and helped her gain composure.     "I'm going to take out your gag now, and I'm going to let you drink some water,"  again she nodded, and he undid her gag, and helped her drink a good amount of water.  she meekly and with a raspy voice whispered "thank you."

He grabbed onto her shoulders and pushed her forward guiding her.    She heard a door open, and was pushed into a room,  the door behind them gently closed, it sounded like air was being released behind them, for a brief moment  he let her go, and she heard the sounds of a door being locked.   She felt his grip on her shoulders again, and heard him say "now we go up."

He guided her up a few flight of stairs what ever silence there was it was broken by the echos of their footsteps,  with each step, she heard him struggle, his grip becoming weaker, his breath getting heavier, every so often they would stop so he could take a small break.   She felt the ground level and then felt him push her to the side, and this time another door opened.  Wherever he was taking her, this was it, she could feel it deep down into her stomach that there would be no more rooms,  she was terrified, she tried to say something but he cut her off.

"I'm going to sit you behind this counter, I'm going to untie your hands and take your blindfold off,  you keep your eyes closed, and you will count to 10 before you open them."    She nodded once again.    "Then you will look down, and there will be a note with instructions, you will do exactly as the note says," again she nodded.  He was so excited he giggled and rushed to his corner of the room, wiping the sweat off his forehead with his handkerchief, he sat down and stared back at her, smirking.


She felt her hands come free, and slowly rubbed them,  then the blindfold came next,  and heard the ground shake, as he ran off,  giggling.    It had been years since she heard him giggle, she focused and started to count down.  "10.....9....8...7...6...5...4..3..2.1"

She opened her eyes, and then quickly rubbed them, as the light seemed to bright.  She looked instintively at the corner he sat in.    There he was, wearing the same old blue suit he use to wear to work,  he had aged, but he looked the same, his hair was thinner, but what caught her eye was his smile.    It was the same child like smile he always had, for some reason that scared her the most about him.

Her counter look exactly the same, and before she could take in everything, a phone rang loudly and unexpectedly,  she jumped back a little, but stopped her self as she saw a note sitting next to the phone, she picked it up and it read "When the phone rings, you answer..."

"Dunder-Mifflin this is Pam,"   Jim was shocked to hear her voice,  she had been missing for days, and without thinking he yelled out "WHERE ARE YOU, PAM, WHERE ARE YOU."   she responded with "please hold,"  Jim screamed out "PAM, PAM, PAM PAM."

Pam looked over to the corner, and said "It's for you Kevin."
