I've always wanted to write but never had the courage to sit down and do it. This is the first thing I have ever written outside of schoolwork. I hope you enjoy

_______________________________

Part 1: Departure

The day was near. We had known it was coming for a while but it never seemed real. It was one of those things that you knew would eventually arrive, but it felt so very far away until suddenly, it was almost upon you. I had had a feeling of uneasy anticipation ever since the announcement. That kind of fearful anxiety you get when youre scared of something but simultaneously excited for the change to come. Humanity finally was leaving earth to try to start anew among the stars.

But how did we get here, to this point in the long history of the human race? It started a few hundred years ago, before the fall of global capitalism, before world war three decimated much of the population, before fresh water was nearly impossible to find. Our ancestors, they called it the Industrial Revolution. It was perhaps the greatest triumph of the era. The revolution led to rapid advances in science and technology. Society advanced at a rate that the world had never seen before, at a pace that would have been unimaginable to any previous civilization. As exciting as the revolution was for our ancestors, many of us wonder if it was worth it. I dont think it was. It fucked everything up. 

The worst part was that they knew about it, they knew shortly after it started that the revolution would destroy us. They knew that if they kept doing things the same way there was no possibility of escaping the consequences. But that didnt stop them. Oil was money, money made the world go round. The oil has been gone for a while now though, so theres no need to worry about that anymore. Depleted resources led to war, mass starvation, and other horrors. When it all started to go to shit, there were 9 billion of us silly little humans. I dont know if theres even a billion left. 

Anyway, we were leaving soon. There were supposedly hundreds of thousands of shuttles ready to cart off the last vestiges of the human race. The day before departure everyone was on edge. Some were excited to see the stars and others were absolutely terrified of the uncertainty that the future would hold. Some even took their own lives out of fear and grief. I was ready to go though. Ready to leave behind this crumbling world that we had been destroying for generations. Ready to find my new place in the universe. On that day, we heard a loud rumbling. Everyone stopped and listened. It sounded like a million rockets launched at the same time. Was it another nuclear attack? Why now? Why on the eve of our withdrawal from this miserable planet? Sometimes I wish it had been a nuclear attack. Nuclear fallout would somehow be better than the truth. We went outside to see what that intense rumbling was. It was the noise of the rich and the powerful. It was the noise of the politicians and their friends and families. It was the noise of deceit and lies. 

They left without us. The same rich assholes that drove our world into the ground left without us.  Thats when everything truly descended into chaos.
