The car pulled up, and Lucinda walked out shutting the door behind her. The building was surrounded by other buildings that all stood out. 
Is this it? Lucinda observed the place up and down. 
Yeah, well it is Oxford Street, am I right?  Meryl followed from behind, and stood beside Lucinda with a sigh of relief as they both gazed at the sign on the building for a moment before heading toward where a sign had stated: Auditions through here. 
As she walked in, there were seats filled with other kids who had practiced monologues in hand. There was one girl; tall and blonde. She sat high with a confident appearance. She was the complete opposite of Lucinda. Somebody she would only dream about being. Lucinda took a deep breath. She had never before done something like that in her life, it wasnt until 15 years old when she decided she wanted to try out for acting. She was now 17, and it was now that Meryl had finally realized how much her daughter wanted it. 
 Youll be fine, honey Cheryl whispered to Lucinda, smiling reassuringly. Lucinda started to play around with the monologue, touching the edges of the script as though she was forcing a paper-cut on her fingers. She began rapidly tapping her feet until it came to her turn in the audition.
     --              --              --              --                 --                --             --              --                --        
In the audition room were two judges. A lady and some man; perhaps in his mid-50s. 
Hi. May I start by getting your name? The lady gave a quick smile.
 She had an accent, it sounded posh. It definitely caught her attention. Perhaps that was a sign that soon she would be in Hollywood, making her own award-winning movie and get to work with some of the greatest--  
Sorry, May I get your  
Lucy! Sorry She smiled nervously and impatiently.
 She felt hot flushes on her face, and her legs began to feel weak as though she would fall any second. She took a deep breath and looked back at the judges with a fresh face. The judges gave a quick smile and looked at her monologue, and back at her, indicating that whenever she was ready she could start. Lucinda began to feel more unsure and uncomfortable. She read a line, and then looked away. Her mind began exploring other things. Her mind became rapidly overwhelmed with various thoughts that were never there. She then heard a voice bring her back to the present. 
Luce, honey your time is up. The judge slightly held her hand up with a face of sympathy. 
Lucinda knew that was it. She felt a lump in her throat and her legs slightly tremble. She wanted it more than anything, and her time was over. The male judge looked at her, fixing his eyes on her face. He looked stern, but seemed as though he was he had stopped her. He firmly locked his fists together and stared for a while before saying anything, and then slipped out the words that she never wanted to hear. 
You cant act, Lucinda. He let out a quick smile, trying to hold back his laughter. He seemed confused, thinking to himself if it were a joke. Lucindas eyes immediately filled with tears. Her heart began racing and she felt stuck for words. There was nothing really that she could think of rather than how much she had wanted this. The lady with the posh accent looked at her with sympathy.
We all have our strengths and weaknesses. But I dont think this is your strength The lady seemed troubled as Lucinda stood there. She felt nothing but a sentiment of pure rejection and hopelessness. 
Please, if I could have one more chance
Im sorry, Luce. The lady interrupted. There was no other thing left to do, and as Lucinda walked out, she noticed the blonde and confident girl look happier than ever. She had got a part, and deep inside Lucinda raged with envy. Cheryl looked distressed, but in that case, any mother would feel the same way for their daughter who had hopes and desires. 
Its OKAY dont be sad! You can try again next time Cheryl wrapped her arms around her as they walked out of the building. Lucinda swallowed hard, keeping silent and burying herself in self-pity. She couldnt wait to get back to home, sweet home, and by the time they did arrive home, she was in bed. Droplets of dark mascara were visible on her pillow. She would lay still. It was quiet enough for the sound of crickets outside to be heard. It was a hot summer night, and she felt no sign of lethargy. By the time morning came, Lucindas eyes were swollen, and red. Cheryl was aware her dear daughter had been crying all night; she had heard. She knew that if she could do whatever itd take to make Lucinda feel happy again, shed do it. Though, that was what had hurt her; she had not a clue on how to help.
