A short story

Inspired by a Dwarf Fortress story by The Trooth

(https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC0F_9ylDY7PyvIjKVMUl55g)

-----

Chapter I

Fort Bellswind
-

Upon climbing over the rolling hills of the Region of Falspar, one is greeted by the peaceful meadows surrounding Fort Bellswind. There can be seen a peaceful river flowing in an arch-like formation around the westernmost side of Fort Bellswind. Fort Bellswind, an ancient dwarven city, is known as one of the largest trade-cities in the land, exporting everything from freshly harvested crops, to rare metals and gems cut free from the stone of The Great Mines. A place of commerce, there have always been migrant workers in search of employment and wealth traveling to and from Bellswind.

As you amble through the main gates of Bellswind, you can expect to see long broad streets spanning the entire city, with various offshoots to the left and right at varying intervals along the main road, each lined with countless houses, shops, and inns. Just past the entrance, you step into the main courtyard. A large circular park with a cobblestone path leading through the middle of the field, with a perpendicular path leading to the left and right, dissecting the courtyard into perfect quadrants. In the center, a large marble fountain, with a shiny golden statue glimmering under the water and sunlight. Bed after bed of flowers and herbs line the circumference of the courtyard. Blue flowers and gold flowers with the occasional red flower scattered about within the flower beds. Around the outside circumference of the park is another paved road, with buildings on the opposite side of the circular path. Some of said buildings are shops, blacksmiths, jewelers, and the like, and others are houses.



Following the main road past the courtyard and through the city, youre soon surrounded by the hustling and bustling commotion of the trade district. Occupied stalls fill the district throughout all hours of the day and night. Transactions and deals being made in the hundreds by the hour, the trade district almost never has fewer than 50 dwarves filling its many paths and numerous stalls at a time. The constant sound of auctioneers sputtering prices and bids, to the persistent desperate haggling of poorer traders can be heard. Its quite an exciting place to be, and a very common sight to witness.

Very few that visited Bellswind knew the full history of the city; and only a handful of the long-time residence know its true history with any degree of accuracy. Only after having lived in Bellswind for several months did the residence come to learn about the evil weather that plagued the meadows surrounding Bellswind. A vile dark-brown fog would sometimes billow in over the river, just past its banks stopping just short of the thick stone fortress walls. The evil fog struck fear into the hearts of all who managed to catch sight of it, due to its malevolent appearance.

For many years, the vile fog was avoided completely. There were portions of the river still accessible to fisheries that were at more than a safe distance away from the fog, so they were able to live in relative safety, never having to know what horrors might occur if they strayed too close to the fog, after all, stories have circulated from other forts and many traveling merchants tales of evil weather that would cause those unfortunate enough to be caught in the middle of it, for them to go blind, or their skin to melt away, or any number of things. However, one day, the residence of Bellswind did unfortunately learn the effects of this evil weather. The day Bellswind would change forever.

---

Chapter II

Urist Redbeard
-

A recent immigrant had come to Bellswind in search of work. Urist Redbeard, a short, stout, and very skilled fisher-dwarf, with a long red braided beard that dangled just past the bottom of his round belly. Urist provided a very valuable service to the fishing community, and the citizens of Bellswind, delivering hundreds of freshly caught fish to the various food markets every day. Urist was very happy with fishing. It was one of his favorite pastimes afterall. He would fish day-and night only stopping occasionally to eat and sleep. Fishing was truly his passion, and he took pride in his work, often catching trophy winning river beasts. Many have tried to out-fish him, only to be taught a lesson in competitive fishing. Urist was very popular in the community. He had many friends and acquaintances, and very few enemies.

One day, while out fishing, Urist spotted a quiet little nook in the riverbank he hadnt fished in a long while. It was on the opposite side of the river; a quiet place, with a sand and gravel beach and several trees surrounding and boulders surrounding the little alcove. Urist went to one of the fisheries he works at, and unbelayed his dainty one-seat rowboat, and began rowing down the quiet river. Small droplets of water hit his face, and the smell of river plants filled his nose. He was sure to row extra slow, often not rowing at all, just so he could continue to feel the gentle rocking of his boat, and slight breeze of river air through his long beard.  He was at peace in his little rowboat; a moment of absolute tranquility.

Upon reaching the small alcove hed spotted several minutes before, he released an almost sad sigh at the realization that his short trip was over. He stepped down into the shallow of the river, and heaved his miniature vessel up onto the sandy shore, and wrapped its belaying rope around a nearby tree. Urist got out his finest fishing rod. Its line was made of spider silk, and was rigged rigged with one of his favorite spinner lures. A beautiful golden mechanism that spun as it was pulled through the water, designed and hand crafted to mimic a small fish. Hed only catch the biggest fattest fish with it. Urist had even developed a special technique he liked to use to reel it in. 

One hour, two hours, three hours roll by, only feeling like a few minutes to Urist. He was so absorbed in his fishing, and making sure his technique was just right, that he didnt even notice the brown fog advancing behind him. The fog engulfed him, and he was slowly transformed into an ugly fog zombie. Some obvious fears followed Urists transformation did he now hunger for dwarven flesh? Would he be filled with a hatred for all living things, and terrorize the wild horses and birds that wander the moors? Would he wreak havoc on all the dwarven streets and halls until all his former comrades were dead? Quite the contrary. Urist, the now fog zombie did not suddenly become a monster of violence and danger. Instead, he simply continued fishing. 

-----

Chapter III

Surprise
-

It seems as though Urist hadnt even noticed the fog had just rolled in and transformed him into a horrible undead abomination. After several more hours, long after the fog had receded back into the hills and trees beyond the meadow, Urist finished his days work and loaded his boat up with his catches, and began paddling back to the dock. It was now late into the evening and the fishery was empty. Only a lantern was left lit near the edge of the dock, so upon Urists return, he could easily find his footing. He unloaded and belayed his small boat to the dock cleat, and began hauling his basket of catches back up to the fort.

On Urists way back to fort Bellswind, he encountered a woodcutter on his way back into town after a long days work. This moment would surely be a turning point. Would the site of another dwarf fill him with rage and bloodlust?... The woodcutter seemed to think so, because upon seeing the walking abomination, he immediately dropped his hatchet and fled in terror. And instead of pursue this now fleeing woodcutter dwarf, the fog zombie dropped his basket of fish on the ground, and sprinted away in the opposite direction. By some twist of fate, or perhaps by the mercy of the gods, Urist Redbeard was not transformed into an undead beast of anger and hatred, but instead into a timid creature afraid of what he once was. The fisher dwarf was just as afraid of his former conrads as they were of him. For this reason, there didnt seem to be any problem amongst the townsfolk of Bellswind, in allowing him to continue living his life.




Months went by with this vial fog zombie fisher dwarf still occupying the foggy moores. He would continue with his fishing, and periodically attempt to deliver his catches back to the fort, only to be scared away by the townsfolk, and sent running back to the safety of the fog. Other citizens would often walk outside and find the fish he would drop on the ground, and carry them inside. So in a way, he was still providing a service to the fort. And in a way, he was something of a local folk legend: 

Wonder out near the river on a foggy morning, and you might just catch a quick glimpse of the zombie fisher dwarf about his work How else do you explain the baskets of fish found along the sandy banks of the river every morning?

-----


Chapter IV

Sorrow
-

I wish I could say the story ends here. That the timid zombie fisher dwarf lived out his days in obscurity down the far reaches of the river. Sadly it was not so.

One day, a large heavily guarded jewel caravan was visiting from the mountain holm, to conduct trade with Bellswind. By coincidence, Urist the zombie fisher dwarf was making one of his periodic attempts to deliver his catch to the fish markets in town. However, this time, instead of being scared away at the sight of one of the civilian dwarves, he caught the eye of one of the caravan guards. This mace wielding dwarf, seeing only what could be a threatening monster, pursued the creature immediately. Urist scared for his life, dropped his catch, ran as quickly as he could across the fields and meadows, and found himself running directly into Fort Bellswind. He ran tirelessly across the fortress grounds, tripping and stumbling over the flower beds in the main courtyard, trying to seek shelter or protection from the chasing guard. Urist pounded on doors as he passed them, yelling and crying for help as he ran, alas, the citizen dwarves of Bellswind were too scared to open up their doors to save him, for fear of what he might do.

Urist did not stop running, and despite being struck by the mace wielding dwarf several times, he made no attempt to strike back against a fellow dwarf. He eventually found himself cornered with no escape. Even up to his final moments, Urist never lifted a hand to attack the guard who killed him. The guard gave several violent swings of his mace to Urists body and head, causing the zombie fisher dwarf to be knocked unconscious and soon after, die of severe internal bleeding and hemorrhaging. After the vicious assault, the mace wielding dwarf left Urists now mangled body, and walked back to his caravan, and begun telling the other guards what had happened.

How would the citizens of Bellswind handle the death of the zombie fisher dwarf? Would they see his death as a welcome end to a long time nuisance? Would they make any attempt to dispose of the body, or would they leave the beasts corpse to rot where it lay. No. The moment the citizens and townsfolk caught word of the fisher dwarfs death, they walked outside, collected his broken body, and gave him a traditional dwarven burial in a stone coffin deep in the underground halls. Despite the twisted monster Urist had become, the other dwarves still saw him as one of their own, in their hearts.