That's it then, it's done I suppose, I'm done, after this last cigarette it'll be all gone, finally. It's a happy coincidence that I ended the trail here, the hill over looking my home, the sprawling estate, the land, the Athenian pillars, once a glaring reflection of purity, now corrupted by moss and infection.  The infection she left behind, the late-great Duchess, my mother, cow. This hill where I spent my destitute childhood stargazing, waiting for a father to return, either decorated, or decimated.  My spite filled adolescence, wanting to flee her neglect. Wanting to know him. I grew up with anything I ever wanted, and yet nothing at the same time. Empty sustenance to distract and dement young minds.

Then I was exiled from my home, thrown into some boarding prison. It could have been worse, knowing her she's cruel enough to consider sending me to a public school. Some good mother's hard spent inheritance did her, I didn't learn a damn thing in that place... well that's not entirely true. I became very good at spending mother's money, meeting the right people, and oddly enough, for the first time, enjoying myself. It was the first time I experienced life outside the walls of my estate, and I wasn't going to hold back. Academically, I didn't care, who needs academics when you're filthy rich already right? 

Once I had danced, smoked, drank and snorted my way through my adolescence and finally became a man, I knew I couldn't stay in this damned country, that estate, covered in shadows of my loneliness and neglect. I used her money to cross the pond, Yale, she paid through the teeth to get me on any course I wanted, and any grade I wanted. Although the general campus consensus was, well diverse, both ethnically and in obvious income backgrounds, thankfully I managed to find the right crowd, my people. I loved New York, me and a few chums bought an apartment in the city, that acted more as a penthouse nightclub whilst our dorms collected cobwebs. I decided to quit school, go into the music industry, open my own nightclub, a real one, I just needed the money. The Duchess "refused" to invest I will refuse to waste my money on your electronic graffiti, even though I had been doing that on her behalf for the past 7 years of my life. I had never been so enraged, I wanted this more than anything, even more than a present mother or a breathing father. I cut off communication and thankfully she did not cut off my supply line. Last week I received a call from my mother's attorney, I am amazed at how he had managed to find my number after all this time. She was finally dead, and now I could be free to invest in anything I like, start anything I want. I had to come home for the reading of the will, and the funeral, although I had my priorities, the farewells were more of inconvenience if I'm being honest. I never expected the day my mother died to be the end of my life, quite the opposite actually.

The senile bitch didn't give me shit. Just left me a hollow estate, an estate I can't even afford to keep. All of it to charity. All of my fathers money, my money. All of it going to help some ignorant irrelevant idiots too lazy to help themselves. Who knew the women became so Liberal in her old age? She's punishing me for abandoning her in her twilight years those were her words. abandon She was never there for me to abandon first place. The fucking help was more of a mother than she ever was.  How does she expect me to live? Like one of them? One of the rabble? No way. The biggest joke of all, is leaving me something I can't even afford to keep. I mean she couldn't have just turned the house in a sanctuary for limbless orphans and given me the money? 

My feet are soaking. Why I chose to do this now, in the middle of the freezing night, in my house robe and socks I'll never know. Another malt endued tantrum. That's all my life has ever been, death by a-thousand cuts  and now the final shank.

 I can see my smoke slowly blowing through the moonlight that seeps through my forest's shade, like blood from one of many lacerations. One last look. The trees, where I used to hide with no one to seek me, until it was time for my lessons, or dinner with the duchess, at opposite ends of the grand banquet table. A barren feast for two. The echoes of game shriek through the stunning yet painstakingly familiar landscape of hills mountains and greenery. One last gaze at the stars, where I prayed for a man I never knew, and dreamed of a place far away from her. I got my wish, but she had the last laugh, again. One last inhale of toxins into my lungs. Cancer and gasoline. After tonight there will be no more cold winds rattling down empty, destinationless corridors. I've made my decision. One Last look, before it all succumbs to me, to my decision. I refuse to live as one of them. 

If by some miracle I get away with this, I'll have enough. Not to have everything I ever wanted, not to chase my dreams, but to retain my life of privilege, as I know no other way of living. It's not even a decision anymore, it's fate. One last inhale, of the most hideous oil painting that was my childhood. All I have to do is aim, like my father, line up my bomb up with my target, in this case, a shallow pool of gasoline collected 3 feet away from me. It's time to stop burning my fingers and do it. My cherry spirals through the night as though in slow motion, and when it makes contact, the darkness quickly erupts into blast of searing light. The flames race down the hill, up the steps, through the doors to the Temple of Artemis, and lead directly into collections of every flammable substance in what was once my Home. My mothers excessive alcohol collection. Petrol I had to suck from the tank of the Bentley, Mercedes and Royce. Even my father's collection of pre-war 16mm cinema, not incredibly valuable, but incredibly sentimental. Those films were the only glimpses I had into the life of my father, of who he really was. And now, tonight, it all burns. All the history. All the memories. All the hate, but I fear that fire will continue to burn inside me for the rest of my days, however privileged, or short they may be.