When I was 6, I saw how my mother killed our postman. When I was 6 I saw our postman raping my mother every morning for 4 months. When I was 6 I used to sit near by the window and wait til our postman comes every morning. I was an observer when I was 6. 


She has green eyes. They turn to yellow when she is looking at the sun. Blue appears when she is looking at the sea. And then there is black. With black comes darkness and sadness. They turn to black when she is looking at me. My sister has green eyes.

When I was 7 I started going to school. When I was 7 I started answering to people's questions. When I was 7 I started lying to everyone. When I was 7 people liked me. When I was 7 I used to talk to everyone.  When I was 7 nobody knew that every single word of mine was false. I was a socialiser when I was 7.

She has gentle hands. They make cats purr. They make food that melts into everyone mouths. They make her face prettier every morning. They make wonderful sounds go from the piano. They create bruises on my skin. My sister has gentle hands.

When I was 10 I learned that talking is directly proportional to attention that comes toward you. When I was 10 I learned how to get what you desire from people. When I was 10 I learned that if you keep confronting everything you don't like, people will give up on changing you the way they want you to be. I was a learner when I was 10.

She has a nice body. It can be cold when she lies in the snow. It can be hot when she is lying in the bath. It can be glowing when she is standing in front of the sun. It can be covered in blood when she scratches her skin off. It can create white liquid when she makes me touch her. My sister has a  nice body.

When I was 14 I set our car on fire. When I was 14 I sent our mother to the prison for 2 years. When I was 14 I made 3 girls bleed. I was an achiever when I was 14.

She is looking at me right now. She can hear all thoughts I have. She can feel all emotions I experience. For the first time I can see some green shadows behind that blackness. She is touching me right now. She can make me feel loved. She can make me feel worthless. She can make me feel powerful. My sister is looking at me right now. 

Maybe she can make me do whatever she wish me to. Maybe she can make me feel whatever she wants me to. But she can't  do one thing. She can't make me stop growing. I'm 16 and I'm a killer.