Hi I first posted this on tumblr and thought I'd try it here.

Thunder roars in the night sky as heavy rain tings off the magical armour of the knight trudging through the thick mud in a forrest of dead trees. A lightning bolt lights up the night sky striking a tree near the knight lighting up the dead forrest around the knight, then suddenly a chilling roar comes deep from the dead forrest as trees snap and shake with the pounding of footsteps. The knight draws a sword, a magical blade as hot as the fires of the underworld but with flames black as night, and pulls the shield from his back the gold binding around the edge shining from the rain with the family crest of a dragonfly wearing a ruby crown on its head. Suddenly the monstrous footsteps cease just out of the light of the flame, the knight stands ready sword and shield drawn the rain sizzling on his magical sword, a loud deafening roar shoots out from the dark dead forrest and so does the snapping and ripping of a tree, suddenly a tree come soaring towards the knight as he quickly rolls out of the path of the tree and quickly gets to his feet shield in front sword at the ready as the footsteps slowly move towards him a monstrous huge foot steps into a light and then the light flickers showing a huge troll three times bigger then a man and ten times stonger. The troll stands sniffing the air as the knight stands ready to fight, the troll sniffs towards the man the two finally making eye contact. They stare at each other for what feels like an eternity suddenly another bolt of lightning lights up the sky and the troll lets out a huge roar towards the knight as it wraps its hands around a tree ripping it out of the ground and swings it at the knight, the knight ducks pulling the shield above his head as the tress swings above him scratching along it, the troll then brings down the tree with a roar as the knight rolls to the side avoiding the crushing tree. He quickly gets to his feet and before the troll knows it runs up the tree, the troll drops the tree and steps back but the knight has already launched himself towards the troll with his shield in front of him, he slams into the trolls face knocking the troll off its feet, as the troll falls the knight leaps in the air off the trolls chest with his sword ready to plunge into the trolls chest, the knight comes down hard as the troll tries and fails to block his sword with its hand as the sword pierces the trolls hand and through its chest to its heart. The troll lets out one last deafening roar as black flames shoot through its body from the knights magical sword burning it, leaving nothing but bones and ash. The knight stumbles to his feet gaining his balance and worn out from the fight, he returns his sword to his side and shield to his back, he pulls out a dull dagger and picks up the trolls skull removing some of its teeth and places them in his pack. Suddenly the rain stops and the night sky clears with nothing but stairs and a full moon to light the way he looks up and lets out a sigh then continues his journey through the dead forrest..