The noise of breaking glass and ringing metal was a sharp contrast to the silence that had filled the apartment for the past month. Thomas watched in horror as the soccer ball smashed into the tennis trophies. His eyes filled with tears as he looked at the pile of broken pieces on the floor, and his voice was almost a whisper when he asked, "Why did you do that?"  
"Because you never play with me!"  
"I said later."  
"You always say later! And then you just stare at your stupid trophies all day!"  
Thomas looked at his son. Michael defiantly looked back.  
"Go to your room.", he said.  
Michael didn't move.   
"Now.", Thomas added.  
Michael kept his posture for another moment, then he drooped and started shuffling to the hall, closing the door behind himself. Thomas took a deep breath and his gaze rested on the door for a moment. Then he fetched some glue from the utility drawer and sat down next to the pile of broken trophies. Most of them weren't too badly damaged. Some bumps and scratches, two of them had snapped at the base. He picked up the trophy for the first place in the municipal championships. The two golden tennis player figurines that once stood proudly on top of it were now lying on the ground. The trophy for second place at the regional charity tournament got the worst of it. It was made of two engraved glass blocks, and it was shattered into a couple dozen pieces. Thomas sighed. He took the largest piece of the glass trophy and started looking for matching pieces.

Thomas didn't know how much time had passed, but he realized that the afternoon sun had all but disappeared behind the horizon when Michael opened the door to the living room.  
"I'm hungry."  
Thomas looked up from the trophy. He had managed to reassemble most of the pieces, but the cracks and seams were very visible on the smooth surface. He paused for a moment.  
"Then make yourself some food."  
"No you make some!", Michael said, helplessly waving his arms and stomping his feet. Thomas was still squatting in front of the trophy pile, his head at the same level as Michael's.  
"You hurt me very much, Michael.", Thomas said. "Just make yourself a sandwich. I really don't feel like cooking for you right now."  
"I hate you!", Michael exploded, and ran towards Thomas and shoved him with all the weight he could bring up with his eight year old body. Thomas lost his balance and rolled on his back. Michael picked up the almost repaired glass trophy.  
"And I hate your stupid trophies!"  
Thomas was horrified. "No!", he shouted, way too late.  
Michael threw the trophy at the wall, where it shattered into a million pieces.  
Thomas couldn't hold back his anger anymore. "Enough!" He grabbed Michael and put him over his shoulder.  
He carried him to his room, while Michael kept struggling and kicking and throwing his little fists at Thomas' back. He put him down on his bed, stood up and looked down at him, pointing his finger.  
"You stay here now! I don't want to see you again until I've cleaned up your mess! Understood?"  
Michael looked at his feet and nodded weakly.

Thomas had to accept that there was no way he would reassemble the countless shards into which the trophy had shattered. He grabbed a scoop and a hand brush and started sweeping up the shards. When he was done, he repaired the other, less severely damaged trophies and placed them back onto the shelf. Only the municipal championships trophy was still incomplete. One of the two figurines was missing. 

Thomas was sitting at the kitchen table and had just started to quarter and peel an apple when Michael carefully opened the door and entered.  
"I'm sorry I broke your trophies.", he said. His eyes were red and wet from crying.
Thomas looked at Michael with his mouth open, as it finally made sense.  
"They're not just my trophies, Michael.", he said. "Your mom and I won those together. That's why they are so important to me. They remind me of her."  
Michael looked up at his father, new tears shooting into his eyes as he realized what he had done.  
"I miss her.", he wept.  
"I miss her too.", Thomas said.  
Thomas got up and took the municipal championships cup from the shelf.  
"This was the last tournament we played in.", he said. "Your mom was already two months pregnant with you when we won this."  
"Why did you stop playing?", Michael asked.  
"We didn't stop playing tennis.", Thomas replied. "We just stopped playing in tournaments. It just didn't seem important anymore."  
Michael thought about that for a moment while Thomas finished peeling the apple. He handed a piece to Michael. They both took a bite and looked each other in the eyes. Michael hesitated for a moment, then he reached into his pocket and took out the missing figurine.  
"I took it.", he said. "I'm sorry."  
Thomas stared at the golden figurine.  
"Then let's reattach it.", he said as he got up and fetched the glue. He carefully applied a little glue while Michael held the figurine. Then he gently led Michael's hand as he put the figurine back in place. They exchanged a deep look. Nobody said a word.  
"Can we have Pasta now?", Michael said.  
Thomas laughed, and realized that he was happy. He picked up his son and hugged him.  
"Yeah", he said. "Pasta sounds just fine."
