"He wont see! Weve done this like three times already." her voice was deep for a girl, but very sexy, at least he always thought so. He let her pull him by his arm down the white and brown checkered hallway. They ducked under the office window and dipped behind a set of lockers just in time to avoid someone walking by. 

She turned around from her squatted position behind the lockers, held her index finger to her lips and made a shhh him gracefully. Her lips were beautiful, at least he always thought so. He pointed with his head to check if the coast was clear and she eased herself forward and looked right then left. She gave a subtle tug on his arm and they moved quickly to the left and out the door. She pushed it open and released her hold on his arm. He wished she hadnt let go. She stepped outside and stood up and he followed. She turned and looked him in the eye for a moment then pecked him gently on the lips. He smiled then playfully spanked her ass. 

She ran towards his car but he got there first. He leapt in the drivers side and pushed the lock down on the passenger door. She pulled on the handle a few times before he let her in. He always thought that was funny and he smiled. She punched him hard in his right arm and he felt it almost go numb. He turned to face her still smiling, he couldnt look at her without smiling. She began pulling at the sleeve of his t-shirt. 

"Hold on" he said. 
"He hasnt left his office yet I dont want him to see. 
"Fuck you I told you he wont see! Why would he look out the window to the parking let alone right at YOUR car!" 
"He might and thats all it takes!" 

She punched him again in the chest, softly, flirting. He didnt move for a moment and then he grabbed her by the arm and pulled her onto his lap. She reached down and hit the lever to lower the seat and they fell backwards with a quick jerk. Their heads bumped softly and they laughed. 

"Shhh!" he said and held up a finger to his lips. 
"Youre serious?" 
"Yeah dont be too loud!" 
"Yeah cuz he can fuckin hear us from his third floor office you fucking bitch! 
"I feel like you want us to get caught!" 
"What the fuck no I dont" 
"What the FUCK" he said in a high pitched mocking tone. 

She knew the tone. 
"No I dont" he said and made a face. 
She knew it. It always made her laugh. She hit him playfully again in his ribs and he pretended like she broke it. 
"Wheres it hurt wheres it hurt Ill kiss it" she said in frantic playful tone. 

He pointed to his ribs, then to his stomach, his leg, his chest. They were kissing, their eyes closed. He stopped kissing for a second. She kissed him once more then paused with her lips still touching his. He opened one eye and moved his head slowly to the right. He was looking at the principals office window. She caught the joke and said, 

"Youll pay for that you-" and he winked and kissed her before she could finish. 


"The principle is not at his desk right now so he must be out for lunch already." he noted in his head. He slid his fingers down her side and rested them on her hips. He checked one more time, the window, just to make sure. He saw the top of the principals head begin to appear at the window as it would if he was walking towards his desk. 


"Fuck" he thought. His eyes shifted back to her and he kissed her again but his mind was elsewhere. "Fuck" he told himself, "whats the fucking asshole doing in his office still? GO TO FUCKING LUNCH!" he yelled in his mind. 


He stopped moving for a moment, and looked into her eyes, faded blue, but beautiful. He kissed her again and pushed her head back with his as he lifted himself upright. He pulled his lips off of hers and began to unbutton her shirt. He kept his eyes on his fingers but his thoughts were on the principals office. He kissed her bare chest and she leaned back on top of him and kissed his lips. He peered around her head and saw the principal still sitting at his desk. 

"Shes right," he thought, "what are the chances hed look out the window down at the parking lot, let alone this specific" before he could finish that thought, he saw the principal turn his head towards the door as if he heard someone knocking. He watched just to see what would happen. 

He saw the principal stand up from his desk and walk towards the door. He saw the door open and the principal stand there for a moment talking to the visitor. She stared at him with a face of flirtatious disappointment but then she saw that his face was serious. 

"This is a dream" he thought. 
"Hey whyd you stop?" she asked and he realized that he hadnt moved his body for some time because he was watching the window. 
"Shhh" he said briefly. 
"Im starting to think you have a crush on him you fucking queer" she laughed. "Why do you keep staring at hi-" he reached his hand up and gently pushed her cheek towards the window. 

As she turned she saw what he was looking at. She saw the silhouette of a man in the far corner of the room, to the right of the window, opposite the wall the desk was facing. She watched the principal shut the door and walk back to his desk. As he turned, he spotted the intruder and shrunk back in fear. 

The intruder stepped calmly forward and raised a long knife. The sunlight reflected off the blade briefly before it was thrust into the principals chest. The intruder caught and lowered the limp body to the ground and then stood up. He wiped the blade and wrapped it in a black cloth before turning to face the door. He exhaled and placed his hand on the doorknob, twisted, flicked off the lights, and took a step into the hallway. They saw him turn to the right and pull at the mask. He began walking down the hall and walked out of sight just as the mask came off. The couple sat there in the car looking at one another. 

Neither one spoke, neither one moved.
