This is the first chapter of a project I'm working on called 'Tales of Woe, Misery and Despair' It is quite long, but is self contained as a chapter, in essence it reads like a story. Each tale is a novel in itself. I have currently written Woe... Am now working on Misery. Enjoy!

1.	IT ALL BEGAN

It was fear that first brought gods into the world.  Petronius Arbiter


It all began with Misery. Sweet, sweet Misery. The sweetest girl in the world. A little bit crazy at times, but lovable all the same. She had the strangest ideas about things. Although sweet, she had decided that the world without darkness would not be the same. She loved the darkness, the evil eccentricity of it. Now were not just talking about darkness here. Were talking about complete and utter misery. Misery gave her namesake to the word. Misery wasnt for everyone. Not all people liked her, but for those who did, she had a certain appeal. This was before Gods took active participation in the world, before the Abrahamic religions, before the monotheistic religions spread and gained mass appeal. This was in Pagan times. The tribal rites of animism existed and all were at peace in the world. For the world knew that every human being, every animal and even every insect had a life force of its own, its own individual soul. Its life force, connected to the Earth, all working harmoniously together in complete synchronicity with universal forces. Miserys love was different from others, for although sweet as the Christian Mother Mary, she was also a very dark and mysterious being.
 
She would skip and dance and play, all the while singing a song of violent retribution, Kill the motherfuckers, kill the motherfuckers, watch them burn, watch them burn. And all sorts of painful annotations that would lead her to rolling around in the green grass of the Earth, laughing and giggling in childlike innocence. Her mother and father loved her very much. Ae and Ze. Ae was a sweet man, almost as innocent as Misery was, he was clever and very funny too. Ze was different. She shared the same mysterious elements as Misery. People would argue with Ze all day on all different subjects and Ze would always win. She knew how to end an argument and had, by far, the greatest intellect of all the townspeople. Their child, Misery, was the best of both worlds. A smart, funny, mysterious being who knew all the secrets of the universe. So much so that she would taunt the other children with her intellect, making clever jokes at their expense and trick them into performing the most absurd and ludicrous tasks. And the other children obeyed her, for the promise of the secret wisdom that she held.

Sometimes the responsibility of handling Misery was a little bit too much for her parents to take and so she spent time with friends of her family. Being as mysterious and clever as she was, she also drove her parents mad. And when the burden became too great, other people helped the family out. There were three friends that helped them out. Donald and Dee she loved. They were kind and loving individuals who took good care of her. But she especially loved Eddie. She loved Eddie because he was so much fun to play with, she loved Eddie because he was so gullible. She would parade Eddie around town like an imbecile and make him do all sorts of crazy things. She promised him great wealth and power. The mysteries of the universe would unravel themselves before his mind if he did exactly as she said. She had him sucking on her little finger in an effort to please her. Quite literally. What Misery would do is sit in a seat and have him suck her little finger. This was how smart this kid was. She tricked a fully grown adult into the most humiliating and ridiculous tasks imaginable. The townspeople would give Eddie the thumbs up every time they saw him. And Eddie was a man of pride, he thought everyone loved and respected him. What they really respected was Misery. Sweet, sweet Misery. The sweetest of them all. The townspeople all wondered what Misery would do next to Eddie. And they were never disappointed. Every single time Misery outdid herself with another exercise in humility. And Eddie never learnt. Every time that Misery was with Eddie, he became the most popular man in town. Doing all sorts of stupid shit. The people laughed and cheered. Eddie didnt realise that they were coming to see the kid and the stupid shit she would persuade him to do.

Her parents Ae and Ze scolded Misery for these sorts of activities. Ae spoke, You cant keep on doing these things to Eddie little Miss. Its not his fault he doesnt have a brain.

But he likes it, everyone likes it. Misery defended.

Ze countered, You know they dont. They like you, hell, they love you. They hate that guy for being so stupid as to do all these things. I mean really, what will you have him do next? Murder?

Off to your room and no supper for you tonight young lady. Ae produced the sentence and Misery went to her room to think about things.

Misery sat in her room stewing on things. Cursing her parents silently inside her head. Fucking parents. They think theyre so smart. Theyre both both braindead. Thats what they are. Completely and utterly braindead. They are so god damn stupid, they are morons. And it went on and on like this inside Miserys head over and over again in circles. Until she finally stopped at, Murder? Who do they think I am? Some kind of idiot. Well, theyre the ones who gave me the idea. Maybe I will convince Eddie to murder someone.

At this point Ae came into the room with a bowl of stew. Sorry darling, we may have overreacted. Heres something to eat. Get some rest, will you?

Ae left the bowl of stew there for Misery. She ate it up and mopped it up with a slice of bread that was provided. She was still upset, but thought she would sleep on the idea.

Misery had awful nightmares that night. Of a million, billion children all screaming out her name. They all had blood on their faces, it was coming through their eyes, they were bleeding tears. In some sort of zombie limbo they were trying to reach out to her. Misery had never seen so many children, she did not know if so many children existed. They were all calling out to her. Dont do it. Dont do it. In some sort of trance that was not fully cognitive, they lingered towards her at a slow marching pace. She had to get away so she ran away and locked herself in her room. Stacking fortifications and blockades so that the mass of zombie children could not enter. When she turned around, after stacking the fortifications, she turned around and saw an angel sitting on her bed.

Some things, my darling, are inevitable. The angel spoke.

Excuse me? Misery was surprised.

I said some things are inevitable. Your passing is their passing also. You are the first.

The first what?

The first of many lessons. You will bring a wave of suffering onto all of mankind and they will call it misery after your namesake.

Suffering? Misery? I dont understand.

The bitterness that has grown inside you child. The bitterness must be released so that it can rain down upon the people of Earth. It is necessary.

Necessary for what?

Over time we will see. At the moment, even I do not know that, all I know is that it is necessary. Will you do it?

Do what?

Bring misery into the world?

I am Misery, thats my name.

Yes, child. I know that. Over time, others will have a different meaning for the sweet child that you are. You will become a breed of suffering so intense that it will prompt into action great events and tribulations. We will give you the power to do it. What say you?

What must I do?

And then the angel whispered something into Miserys ear.
Misery woke that morning with more pep in her step than usual. She went to greet Ae and Ze, they ruminated in her pleasant disposition. She talked of frogs and princesses and all the things little girls talk about. Her parents gladdened, seeing that there was hope for her yet to join in all of the other childrens fantasy worlds, without bringing the subjects of death and destruction into their cohabiting spheres. 

Now darling, Eddies looking after you today. Both Ae and I have work to do around town. Promise me youll be nice to him this time? Ze instructed.

Oh yes, Ill be nice, sweet and innocent. Like every girl should.

That a girl Mis. Ae roughed up Miserys hair and she giggled with the playful gesture.

After breakfast, Eddie arrived. Skinny as a scarecrow, his head could be described to be full of straw. Morning Ae and Ze.

Morning Eddie. Ae and Ze spoke together.

Good morning Eddie. Misery put on her sweetest voice and walked up beside Eddie and gave him a peck on his cheek.

Well, youre in a good mood young one. Whats got you in such a good state? Eddie asked.

Sweet dreams. She smiled.

Alright Eddie. You know the routine. We better get to work. Ae said as he picked up his things and left the house.

Yes, Ze followed after Ae, And remember Eddie. Youre the boss. If she tells you to do something. Dont do it.

I know. I know. Eddie repeated himself. After Ae and Ze left there was silence for some time. Then Eddie asked, Well, young one, great and glorious one. What are we going to do today?

Today, Eddie. Were going to make you into a God.

Misery had been building up the promises of secret wisdom and power for a long time now. Making Eddie perform all these ridiculous tasks and it had all led up to this moment. You mean, todays the day?

Todays the day.

And afterwards I get to do whatever I want?

Of course Eddie, Gods always do whatever they want and they get whatever they want and its all going to be yours.

Eddie started dancing on the spot. Well, arent I the luckiest guy ever! I get to be a God. Who would have thought it? Eddie the God! And all those bastards will pay for laughing at me the way they did. They thought I didnt know what I was doing. What a bunch of suckers.

Thats right Eddie. Eddie the God. Misery smiled wickedly.
Misery led Eddie out along the paddocks to the farming land of the village. From on top of a hill they spied a milkmaid carrying buckets of milk from the barn into the farmyard house.

So tell me again what I have to do? Eddie asked.

You have to open her up. Use the knife we got from home and cut along her stomach. Inside youll see some squishy thick rope. After you pull out all the rope.

The magical rope?

Yes Eddie, Misery sighed, The magical rope. After you get the magical rope, you have to drape yourself in the magical rope. Wrap it all around you. Then go back into town and proclaim that your reign has begun. The reign of Eddie the God has begun.

What if she doesnt want to give me the magical rope? Eddie asked with hesitation in his voice.

I dont know. Hit her over the head or something.

Right-o. With that Eddie walked down the hill, knife in hand, to greet the milkmaid. You could tell by the swagger of his steps that he wasnt completely confident in what he intended to do. But the promise of power is great. So great that it will sway many men into the darkness and damnation of the soul in order to achieve it. For power, even the mere scent of it, corrupts a man. He came within ten feet of the milkmaid before calling out to her. Excuse me, maam. Maam.

The milkmaid turned around. Well, if it isnt Eddie.

Yes, maam, the one and only Eddie.

Eddie the fucking moron! The milkmaid began laughing, remembering all the stories she heard about Miserys trickery being played upon him.

This was all Eddie needed to lose his nerves. He turned into a rage and produced the knife, rushing towards her. At this the milkmaid immediately ceased laughing, dropped the milk buckets and brought her arms to protect her head. But Eddie wasnt aiming for the head, he was going for the stomach, and when they collided the knife slid like butter, directly in. The ten feet run up and the force behind the blow allowed Eddie not to only sink the knife in her stomach, but his whole hand. She began to wail. Eddie, with his free hand, belted her across the face, sending her unconscious before she could make any more noise. Eddie began to feel around inside her, Now, where is that magical rope? The blood pooled out, mixing with the milk that had spilled out onto the grass. Soon, both the blood and milk would be swallowed up by the Earth. For now, they stood there, red and white dew drops on the blades of grass.

Misery watched from on top of the hill, her pupils dilating at having her first witness of murder. Adrenaline pumped through her veins in an exquisite mix of ecstasy and fear. This is what soldiers felt in the heat of battle, the sight of blood, the depths of ones own heartbeat breathing life into every cell of the body. This is what it truly meant to be alive. For the living are never so alive as having death breathe down the back of their neck. Misery looked on as Eddie felt inside the milkmaids corpse. Then slowly he began to drag something out of her. Her large and small intestines, otherwise known as the magical rope. From the bottom of the hill Eddie called out, I found it! You were right! Misery couldnt believe what she was seeing as Eddie pulled out the intestines and draped them across his shoulders, covering himself in blood in the process, and wrapping the excess length around his waist. Misery had to hand it to Eddie, he had guts, plenty of them to do everything he had done. But not much brains He raised his arms up in the sky and yelled out, Eddie the God!

As Misery had instructed, Eddie began his walk into town, draped in the milkmaids intestines. She followed at a distance. Far enough away to watch him make his way, but not close enough to be spotted by anyone else. And there were other people. Along the road into town. People gathering berries in the bushes that lay alongside the dirt track, there were men working the dirt track into a paved road and other villagers gathering wood for their fires at home. They all parted ways for Eddie, stunned to silence, saying nothing in absolute shock. They made way for him and he gathered their attention by chanting to himself as he walked, Eddie the God! Eddie the God! By his blood stained appearance, every single one of them knew that he and Misery, this time, had gone too far. They dropped what they were doing and silently took his trail, following him at a distance. Misery followed too, further than they, as Eddie continued on into the centre of town.
By the time he had arrived at the centre of town, nearly all of the townspeople had gathered around him in shock and disbelief. This was when Eddie decided to declare, Bow down ye mortal men, for I have transcended to the heights of the heavens and only your worship will appease me now. No-one said anything, except for one man who began to laugh uncontrollably. It was at this point that Eddie realised that, once again, he had been duped.

A village elder came up to Eddie and asked him, Eddie, what did you do? Eddie did not respond. The village elder took Eddie by the shoulder and began to shake him uncontrollably, Eddie, what did you do!? And repeated himself over and over again in terrified anguish, What did you do? What did you do? What did you do?

I I I opened up the milkmaid and took her magical rope.

Everyone was aghast. They understood full well what the magical rope was. It was the milkmaids guts, her intestines. The village elder called out at the top of his lungs, Misery!!!

Misery, who had been watching from afar, slowly made her way towards the townspeople. Her head hung low. Perhaps, even she found shame in the way the events had played themselves out. The townspeople made way for her as she approached the centre of the crowd. At the centre the elder stood, while Eddie was on his knees praying to some unknown entity. Everyone was silent, waiting on Miserys words. And all she could manage was, I didnt mean nothing by it.

Both Ae and Ze were elsewhere, but Donald and Dee were present. And sensing that the child was about to reap a whirlwind Donald ran off to go find her parents. The village elder asked this of Misery, Is she dead? Is the milkmaid dead?

I guess so. There was no way she could have lived through that. Misery responded.

The village elder blew his top, You stupid little shit! How could you!? How the hell could you!? Eddie, still on his knees, praying in tongues received a fist to the face. And you! You must be the stupidest man alive. What were you thinking!? 

Eddie lay there in the middle of the town centre, blood trickling from his jaw from the blow, still talking in tongues, Neteri r neteru! Sehet ur uben em Nu, oesu mahaiu f em hebebet seheb tatat neb nut neb perit neb xu em neferu- uoesu a-k em hu teftef.

The townspeople around asked, What is he saying?

It doesnt matter. It would have been better if he was always like this. A blathering imbecile who could make no sense, nor understand anything. Better that than what little sense the Gods afforded him during his lifetime. The village elder sighed, What are we meant to do with them?

One of the villagers called out, Bring forth the man of law.
From amongst the crowd a man appeared, tome in hand. He opened up the great book and read aloud. It sayeth that which is committed upon thou, is committed upon thee. The crime is murder, the punishment, death.

One of the villagers called out in Miserys defence, For the heavens above, she is only a child. The Gods will surely punish us if we do this.

The man of the law dismissed this by declaring, in no uncertain terms, That is the law!

The village elder nodded in consent with the man of the law and it was decided. I do agree that the Gods would punish us if we sent this child to the heavens at the age she is. However, if we let her live then she may cause even more severe problems. There is one way that I see.

And what is the way you see my lord? One of the villagers called out.

Eddie shall kill the child as he has killed the milkmaid. And for punishment of both murders, Eddie shall be extinguished from the Earth in the most painful way possible. Death by fire! We will light fire to his stupidity, so that it shall be burnt from this world forever! And the Gods will deal with him justly for the murder of the child.

All of the townspeople cheered for the village elders decision was wise and just. It was then that Dee, one of Miserys family friends came from the crowd. You cannot! You cannot do this! Are you mad?

Shut up hag! Your work is in herbs and medicines to prevent death. We have no need of your services when death is certain. The village elder stated.

It was then that Dee produced a dagger, ready to slay the village elder. Someone else saw this and seized her arm, making her drop the blade. Youll burn in hell for this! Well all burn in hell for this! 

Take her away. Use some of her herbs to sedate her until all this is over and she calms down.

It took three men to drag her away, but when she was gone, she was gone. The village elder seized Eddie by the collar of his shirt and pulled him to his feet, which made Eddie immediately snap to his senses. Whats all this then?

Whats all this then! You idiot, Ill tell you what all this is. Youre going to be damned to hell for all eternity because of what you did and what youre about to do.

The villagers prepared a table and strapped Misery down to it. The child was silent throughout the act, submerged In a catatonic state overwhelmed by thoughts of what was about to happen to her. One of the villagers came up to the village elder and asked, We dont have to watch this do we? I mean, I can understand why it has to be done, but I dont want to watch it happen. All of the villagers were in discussion of this and they were all in agreement with one another.

Either do I, the village elder stated, Get the idiot who laughed at Eddie when he first came into town and proclaimed himself a God. He thought the sight of that was funny, perhaps watching this will teach him a lesson. They brought forth the nameless villager from the crowd of people. The village elder explained, For encouraging the heinous act to take place and all other acts previously leading up to it, you, my friend, will see. You will see the death of Misery, the anguish of the life taken from her at the hands of the idiotic beast. That is your punishment.

The man questioned, I see? I see? It took a while for the understanding of the punishment to take effect. When it did, he thought of the horror he would witness and called out to the sky, I see! He howled in despair, I see! He wasnt laughing anymore.
Misery was struggling against her bindings, wriggling this way and that. Like a frog alive on the dissection table in a science class, her belly jutted out, squirming to the left and then to the right. They placed a blade in Eddies hand. I dont want to do it. I dont want to do it. Eddie repeated himself.

Someone used a rod and struck Eddie at the back of his kneecaps, forcing him to kneel. Shut up and do it you cretin! 

Everyone else looked away. Except for the nameless villager who was held by the head to watch, his eyes forced open by the way they held his head. Increasing pressure on his layers of skin around his face so that he could not close his eyes. Eddie stood up from his knees and approached Misery on the table. There were tears in Eddies eyes as he moved towards Misery. Misery, in a frightful panic, called out for her parents, Mummy! Daddy! Help me!

Eddie was close to the table now. His steps towards her were apprehensive, each step closer was a step closer to his own damnation. And then with one more step. His steps enlivened. It were as if some primordial force had come and possessed him, striking away all of his apprehension. He moved towards Misery and looked down at her. Quiet now young one, this will hurt.

And then Eddie brought the blade down upon Miserys stomach. She cried out in pain. Eddie pulled the blade up through the centre of her belly, opening up an incision along the centre line of her body. Frightful more, she was still awake through the whole occasion as she looked towards Eddie doing this. He had finished with opening her up. And now he reached inside the gash to find her intestines.

The nameless villager watching cried out, No more! No more! And he began to weep. Though those that held his head would not allow him to look away.

Like a length of rope, Eddie pulled out her intestines, displaying them to the still conscious Misery. Misery looked on, hoping to lose consciousness, but it was not meant to be. She cried out, It hurts, it hurts, make it stop, make it stop.

Like slime covered vines, Eddie continued to pull out Miserys intestines and displayed them to the still conscious Misery. It was then that Eddie spoke, None of you could do this. What I do now, none of you could do this. I guess I really am a God.

For the love of the Gods! The nameless villager watching yelled out, Put her out of her suffering!

Something had happened to Eddie, holding a childs life and death in his hands, No! This is my last act on this Earth. I choose to embrace it.

It was then that Donald returned with Ze, for he could not find Ae. Donald and Ze made their way through the crowd, trying to find out what was going on. All they could hear was Misery crying out, Mummy! Daddy! Make it stop!

It was Miserys cry that made Zes maternal instincts snap into place. With almost superhuman strength, she pushed through other members of the crowd that had gathered, with their backs turned to the event.

The sounds from the event were a mix of the nameless villager pleading, Please, Gods be good, put her out of her suffering.
Misery calling out, Mummy! Daddy! Help me! Gurgled with blood in the throat.

And Eddie, laughing like a madman, embracing his punishment, embracing cruelty and feeling delight at his last act of power.
Ze pushed through the crowd, yelling, My baby! My baby! She pushed aside all those who stood in her way and found her way to the front. There she witnessed it all. Eddie turned madman, pulling her childs intestines from her stomach, splattered in blood. The sight of it would make a weaker woman or man faint. But Ze was strong of mind. She howled at the sky, Misery!!! She went up and struck Eddie over the head. Eddie fell to the floor and Ze grabbed the blade from Eddies unconscious hands. She took the blade and then looked at her child.

Misery looked up at Ze, Please mummy, make it stop.

Ze howled in turmoil and defeat as she brought the blade to her own childs throat. With power, the blade dug deep, right to the bone of the spine. Misery gargled and soon the light faded from her eyes. Ze fell to her knees in tears, saying nothing. Everything around her was chaos. The villagers did not know how to react. Some looked to the end result of what had occurred and screamed in horror. As all these sounds occurred around Ze, she on her knees, she heard nothing. Nothing, except, what she thought to be the slight whispering of the wind saying, Thank you mummy

And then Ze was struck over the head from someone behind her and everything went black.






For short stories, visit: www.theunpublishables.net

There you will find a link to previous books written.

Questions? Suggestions? Insights? All are welcome.