Just a heads up, I recently posted a previous prologue of the same novel, and I acted upon the feedback given. The prologue now takes place a year before the unfolding events, and is in the perspective of Zafar Zain, the 'dictator' of the country.

Gentlemen, Caput Zafar Zain said as his officers entered the room. Please, take a seat.

The four men approached his desk and took their chairs. Zafar addressed the leftmost officer. Officer Dale, how goes the Cladis?

I have forty-seven of our top scientists working on the device as we speak. With the obligatory gun pointed to their heads, of course, Dale giggled.

Yes, yes, I know that. Zafar Zain was an extremely impatient man, plagued with no sense of humour whatsoever. Must I repeat myself? I asked you how the device is going.

Dales sniggering came to an abrupt end as his face went from cheerful to stern. My apologies, Caput. The Cladis is almost ready to be built. I believe my scientists are putting the final touches on the blueprints.

See that they hurry up. One more month of looking out my window to see a world of sheeple with their heads buried deep in their phones and I think Im going to explode.

Are you sure about this? another officer said in a quiet voice. Zafar did not respond. I-Im sorry, Caput, I should never have asked- 

Yes, Officer Stuart, Zafar interrupted.

The officers face expressed confusion. Caput?

Youre absolutely right.

I... do not understand.

Youre right. You should never have asked such a question. I made you officer to carry out my duties, not to think for yourself, and especially not to question my authority.

I wasnt- I didnt mean- what? Officer Stuart tried to control his trembling hands, but that only made it worse. His breathing became loud and inconsistent, his voice quivering with every word. Please- 

Caput Zafar Zain raised his hand to signal silence. Stuart complied, yet it did not stop his shaking. Zafar leaned in close, his eyes fixed coldly on Officer Stuart. If you should ever wrong me again, he said, I shall have you executed for a traitor. Are you a traitor, Officer Stuart?

N-no, Caput, the man quivered.

N-n-n-no, Caput, Zafar mocked. Say it properly, now. Are you a traitor?

No, Officer Stuart managed to control his voice this time. He lifted his head up from the floor, his eyes met Zafars. No. I am not a traitor, I am your trusted officer and I will do as you command, Caput.

Zafar nodded. Good. Lets have no more of those outbursts. He glanced at a piece of paper on his desk, then focused his attention on the rightmost man. Officer Calvin, give me a report on the horses.

Yes, Caput, Calvin said. A count has been made of fifty-six healthy mustangs, among two hundred and thirty-three various other breeds of horse, bringing us to a total of two hundred and eighty-nine horses.

As always, Zafar seemed unimpressed. That will not suffice. I have over six thousand troopers. How can you expect them to get around with less than three hundred horses?

My apologies, Caput, Officer Calvin said. I will see to it that we gather the requested number of horses.

The required number of horses, Zafar corrected.

The required number of horses, repeated Calvin. I will not disappoint you, Caput.

Zafar nodded. Very well. After taking another look at the paper on the desk in front of him, Zafar turned to the final officer. Officer Drew.

Yes, Caput, the man replied.

What news have you?

I have visited many towns around the country, witnessing the great jobs of your troopers. Officer Drew paused for a moment. There is one particular executioner I have in mind, Edward Black, in the village of Buffindor.

What of him? snapped Zafar Zain.

He has put half the village to death. Many by hanging, some by violent torture, and others by decapitation. Thats not even the worst of it. The other officers fixed their eyes and ears on Drew Townsend. He eats the bodies.

For the first time ever, Caput Zafar Zains face lit up, a huge grin spread across his face. We could do with more like him.
