               The Little Things

     I walked quietly up to the front door.  I stepped with caution around the broken shards of glass that laid sprawled across the porch.  Every time I stepped on glass, I would take a long pause to see if anything had heard me.  I looked to my right and saw the rest of the houses; all in the same state.  Broken windows, rotting gutters, dirty walls.  One house had completely burnt down, probably by looters who had nothing better to do.  I didn't see any sign of life, however, anymore.  All I saw was a barren, lifeless landscape void of a purpose.  A world in stasis.  It was nice, the quiet.  The only thing that would've made it seem even more barren is if a tumbleweed happened to roll by.  I've only ever seen those in movies, though.  
     Once I was sure to be alone, I carefully stepped through the door, brushing past bulging glass shards still stuck to the sides.  Once inside, there was silence.  Emptiness.  You could almost hear how lifeless if was, and you could definitely smell it.  The place reeked, I guessed it was from the fridge.  Rotting meat doesn't smell too good to be quite honest.  I decided to stay wary of the fridge and search every room before having to open up the gates of hell.  I turned to my left, there is a doorway that ran into the living room area.  A widescreen tv, maybe 70 inches, sat contently in the corner across from me.  Parallel to the tv was a recliner angled perfectly as to provide maximum quality of picture.  Jesus, the shit people used to worry about still befuddles me.  On the wall next to the recliner was the couch.  Two of the cushions had been taken and laid in the center of the room, ripped up and mauled by raccoons or dogs.  I checked the one drawer inside a nightstand next to the recliner; nothing.  A pair of glasses, a deck of cards and I believe there was a dead cockroach.  
     Next to the tv, there was a hallway that abruptly turned right at the very start.  I'm not a big fan of turning corners, and even though I was 99% sure the house was empty, I didn't risk it.  Besides, there were probably only bedrooms back there and I've never really found anything good in bedrooms.  I stepped into the kitchen, preparing my baseball bat for combat, but there was nothing.  The back door was boarded up and still in tact.  My best guess is the people who lived in this house held out for a while, then either died or left.  A dining table was placed in the corner of the room, leaving enough to space to fit a chair between the table and the wall.  Across from the table was a counter and about 13 overhead cabinets running along the wall.  A pantry sat at the very end of the counter space.  I quickly rummaged through all the cabinets and the pantry, and only found a box of half eaten saltine crackers.  Figures.  Hell, if I was the one who looted this place at the start, I would've left the crackers too.  I've never had an interest in that stuff, it just tastes like cardboard to me.  That being said, I only had an apple and 3 pieces of bread left in my bag, so I took the crackers and stuffed them into my backpack, making sure they remained at the very bottom underneath my tarp so I didn't have to look at the ungodly snack.   
     I regained myself, and took a look over at the fridge.  I had had to pass the fridge on my way in, and I almost threw up in my mouth at the stench.  I considered for a while, then whispered "fuck it" under my breath and power walked over to the fridge.  I stopped just in front of the doors, plugged my nose and closed my eyes as I opened the fridge door.  I slowly opened my eyes and was surprised to see that the only things in the fridge were an empty water jug, some old gloves and a Mountain Dew.  Like, the energy drink Mountain Dew.  It was almost full, and just sat unclaimed right there in the center of the fridge, as if to say "take me, at least I'm not the saltine crackers!"  I grabbed hold of the bottle, and gently closed the door as to not make more noise than I already had.  I put my bat down on the table and held the bottle in front of me just taking in the beauty.  I hadn't seen something so "old world" since this whole thing started.  And there it sat, pristine, mint condition Mountain Dew.  I convinced myself it was the find of the century, and no amount of looting or forging could come up with anything more comforting or joyful than this bottle of Mountain Dew right in front of me.  Like a kid on Christmas, I quickly started furiously unscrewing the cap, and as I licked my lips I pulled off the top.  But my smile wavered for a moment.  There was no crack, no fizz, nothing that would tell you this was a carbonated beverage.  I raised the bottle to my nose.  It definitely smelled like Mountain Dew.  I knew the smell from back long ago when I used to stay up all night playing games and drinking the stuff thinking about how fucking cool I was.  Now I stood in this rotten, smelly kitchen with a single bottle of Mountain Dew.  It may as well have been the last Mountain Dew in the world, cause Lord knows I'll never see one again.  I didn't let this get me too down; I shrugged and took a big gulp of it.  I've never been so disappointed in my life.  It was flat, sour and tangy.  As if someone had put lemon juice in it or something.  I pondered the awful taste for a while before coming to realize that this Mountain Dew had probably been sitting in a 100 degree fridge for about 3 months.  The fizz, the pop, the flavor, it had all evaporated into the air like dust.  I felt tears starting to well up, then my vision got blurry.  I took a seat at the table and put my head down in memoriam of the dead soft drink.  I started to think about the world as I knew it:  The video games, social media, politics, conversations with other humans, paying for food instead of rummaging through an empty house hoping to God for some fucking saltine crackers.  The things I used to hate about people, I now missed more than anything.  I now knew what having nothing is like.  It's like seeing a light at the end of a tunnel, only for the light to be sour and tasteless.  My backpack was light.  A tarp, a pillow, a machete, a revolver, three pieces of bread, an apple, god awful saltine crackers, a flashlight, and a no where close to full water bottle.  The thing is, I was probably better off than most at the time.  I raised my head from the table, now real tears streaming down my face.  I grabbed hold of the bottle more aggressively than last time, and I chugged it.  The whole goddamn thing.  Some of my tears mixed in with it so it tasted even saltier, but I didn't care.  I was no longer doing it for the taste, I was doing it for all the lost opportunities I had before the world went to hell.  I was drinking for all the others, my friends, my family, all dead, but still watching me chug this Mountain Dew thinking "What is wrong with that boy!?"  I gulped down the last of it in a painful swallow, then banged it down like I just chugged a 24 oz beer.  I felt better now.  Now that I had finally taken advantage of one of the little things, just before it was too late.  I'll never take anything for granted again.