It's 7:00 AM. I've woken up this morning in lower spirits than when I went to sleep last night. My uncles dictum that a good nights rest can solve most anything didnt hold this time. The working assumption in this idea is that one's mind rests during sleep. It's a fine day with clear skies and a crisp twenty-eight degrees, according to the weather app. I won't open the curtains anytime soon. I want to hold onto these final moments of peace without light flooding the room.

I know Ill drive to work today, which I rarely do. I cant bear the thought of riding the metro, even though my commute is only three stops. It's too cold to bike comfortably.

I tell people that the metro gives me car sickness (and it does), but I actually mean to say something more along the lines that the metro depresses me so much that it actually causes illness. How do we all descend into Gotham City every day, with its dimly lit, fetid bunker stations scattered about town, without all feeling ill? I think weve simply ceased to sense its unhealthy effects.

If we ever had it in the first place, the poetry within us withers relative to the ugliness around us. Maybe that's not even nearly true though. Ugliness creates its own beauty, abstract though it most certainly may be. It's Says' Law for art, as evidenced here. Everybody who rides the metro has observed the sullen faces, the putrid smells, and the heightened sense of anxiety. Once I moved into the city, it was such a relief to almost always bike to work. I'll gladly face hot summers and cold winters if it means I'm not gagging myself in Hades every morning.

I think often about my grandfather's advice to "cherish every able-bodied step." I recognize that I'll be old and mostly disabled someday, so it's a privilege now to bike around town, take the stairs, and exercise. This is getting too sentimental, though. But indulge me a little. We humans allow ourselves too little sentiment, easterners just as much, if not more than westerners. Don't you ever just want to sit and feel? Nathan Branden said something to the effect of "feel deeply to think clearly." Forgive my appeal to authority, even though he's not an authority. He's clearly onto something though, right? Our emotions are clearly a means of knowledge. I wouldn't rely on emotion as a primary epistemic method (in practice I probably do all too often), but at least emotion shouldn't be relegated to a distortion of reality. Somewhere Shakespeare had to have said something about "trusting the heart in matters of yada, yada, yada..."

But I haven't read any Shakespeare, not on my own terms. Sure, we supposedly read some of him in high school, but I was so immature and distracted then that I might as well have never read it at all. I remember clearly having had the opportunity to choose a text from a rather long list of books. I chose Dorian Gray because Cydney and Carlee were giggling about the gay author, Oscar Wilde. Naturally, this piqued my curiosity.

They also used to talk about two gay boys in their theatre club, Tony and somebody else. They gossiped  without judgement  about the boys' exploits, their kissing especially, as any two schoolgirls would about any romantic scandal. I think it was the first time in my life I experienced homosexuality as a normal, even desirable, idea. I'm thankful for their gossip; it was the first time I took even a weak file to the bars of my prison. Now I kiss boys all the time, and this level of clean, puppy-dog intimacy  the inconsequential storied stuffs of Tony and his theatre companion  is what I enjoy the most. Sex is enjoyable, but in practice it's a little too messy for the sterile, graceful mental model I hoist upon it.

Back to Nathan Branden...I'm scared that my intellectual influences were (without my realization) always marginalized buffoons. And yet, I'm so confident they're not. I'm tired of being silly. I always thought when I was younger that the older I became the more capacity I would have to seriously engage a wide range of important existential questions. Instead, I'm finding  and I recognize what an amateur realization this is  that clarity wanes as we learn more. It's overwhelming once we become even moderately aware of the extent of our ignorance.

I hardly ever engage intellectual adversaries who make reference to primary sources. And I like to think that I do. But the joke's on you because you've hardly waded through even the most sidelined intellectuals. You're scared to dive into original texts. But don't despair. You're in the midst of the Strait of Magellan right now. Let's assume you don't share his fate, however. Haha! It's funny, because it's almost a certainty that the your future after this trial will be met with the vast expanse of the Pacific Ocean. Isn't it absolutely hilarious also that many take longer to complete their Ph.D. than the time it took for a boat of ignorant sailors, with nothing more than faith guiding them, to circumnavigate the world? I digress.

Shhhh. I'm amazed how we learn to hate the sound that wakes us up in the morning. I need the sound to change periodically, because it induces only more sleepiness in me. You could play my typical alarm sound at any waking point in the day, and I would immediately feel sleepier, as though in a trance.

Ayy, work today. There is something to the criticism of mechanization, of the specialization of labor. But that's not even the problem here. We're at a point that I would describe as post-capitalism  "that I would describe", in the same way that Peggy Hill has her many revelatory moments of clarity. My libertarian friends would be annoyed with this idea, because we describe capitalism simply as free exchange of goods and services within a legal framework that protects the integrity of these interactions. But among the intelligentsia, capitalism is understood within the context of the industrial revolution. There's an historical narrative to it that has various bits of truth and probably many more ideologically motivated distortions. At any rate, I have this idea that many among the intelligent lay public have an underlying, unexplored belief that mankind is impotent, and it's the product of our social, political, and economic institutions. I've not even read him, so I hesitate to invoke this point, but there seems to be strong explanatory power in Marx's idea about material conditions. We are the reflection of our collective output. That is a part of his basic cultural analysis, right? Ohh, God. I know nothing.

This sort of dispassionate assessment of things is what I prefer in place of bantering about daily political minutia, and certainly any other inanities. Nock was really wise in saying "When one has known for forty years precisely how a society's course of rebarbarisation must turn out in the long-run, one does not waste one's attention on day-to-day incidents of its progress." He titled his memoirs that of a Superfluous Man. Only men who recognize their utter superfluity, their impotence, their inability to impact anything meaningfully have the capacity to see even a glimpse of reality.

It takes herculean courage to fight cognitive biases, to attempt to see oneself objectively, in short to look at reality. "Attempt" is the operating word here, because I doubt it's even possible to actually approach the experience of objective reality.

In any case, it's a beautiful  though highly destabilizing  thing to experience these short bursts of the same view as our impartial spectator. Forgive me for almost certainly misusing this concept, but just take it for the way I'm using it here. We're so affected by our environment, we're so thoroughly caught in the momentum of history, and our senses are so inadequate that I'm not sure it's ever possible to see reality in any capacity. I believe in an objective reality that is independent of the mind's interpretation. But we really must think about how limited our brains are in interpreting external stimuli. It's increasingly apparent to me that the scientific method is just one flawed way of truth among many. I am very nervous to have developed this idea, especially since its still in its infancy and so inarticulate. I haven't even seriously read any of the major philosophers on these very basic questions, so who am I to wax philosophical? Give me a pass, treat me like a friend. Even at 25, it's okay to have these sort of sophomoric cogitations.

[wow elegant](https://t.co/dsPyTiK1C4) sometimes you just dont want to punctuate or capitalize or follow the rules jesus im so tired

I've been accused in the past of being a thesaurusarian. It hurt me deeply, because it suggests that I'm using language imprecisely. What they're trying to say is that I'm maybe two or three entries away from the best word. I take great cautions to use the most fitting words yet still communicate. I look back on some of my letters and articles in local newspapers, and I recognize that I maybe had an important point, but I was too caught up in expressing it so eloquently that my argument was lost behind the flowers of rhetoric. It sounded smart, but does the reader finish and recognize my point? It's almost certain that that was not the case. Ok.

I sense keenly that I have the poetic disposition of a fiction writer. Obviously, I don't know how I compare to others and never will, but I feel like I have such a rich, lively inner-life. This surely is something of a necessity for any good writer. If we can't even plunge to the depths of our own feelings and thoughts, how could we ever attempt to describe that of others.

Writing is an escape from pain, even if we're actually probing the pain and irritating it further. I understand why suicide was an answer for some writers, and I certainly gather why many writers seem to have been so depressed. When language proves too limited a means of collecting our inner-dialogue, our emotional vats overflow.

It's approaching 8:00 AM, and I'm still in bed. I wish I could just work from home, if only because I don't want to spend five minutes putting my hair together. It really is a chore. First, I spray it with thickening spray; I'm convinced that Accutane made my hair unnaturally thin and limp. Next I rub thick, creamy paste between the tips of my fingers and run it through my hair. Then comes the hairdryer. I shape it as best I can, then I use the paste again to touch it up, putting every strand perfectly into place.

I actually think this ritual reflects some underlying  well, now more overt  psychological shortcoming. It suggests that I care too much about others' various daily judgements. In fact, I shouldn't give a hill of beans what other people think about a few wayward hairs. It takes a lot of mental energy each morning to go through these motions. It's the reason the president has a few suits he sticks to, and why Zuckerberg, Jobs, et al. wear the same uniform daily. So, naturally I have to reflect on the ways in which small things like this affect my own success.

It's 8:10, and now I've created an artificial sense of urgency. I don't want to arrive too late to work. I wish just once I would get up early enough to enjoy a hot cup of tea in my recliner, read for about 30 minutes, and gently begin my day. My current routine  to jump right into getting ready for the day  is so unsettling.

Mornings don't come naturally to me. I'm aware I'm not in any special category in this regard. Many people struggle to wake up in the morning. How can we get any sleep when we go to bed staring at our phones? We may as well stare at the sun. How can we get any rest when we go to sleep either caffeinated or intoxicated? But in DC, we survive off of coffee by day and alcohol by night. Clich, I know.

I wish I could live a year like women of the victorian landed gentry where I mosey about all day reading long-winded novels, and have only one evening engagement to attend, unless I need to rest off a headache. Let's assume I'm not accustomed to modern conveniences though. I worry that ennui would set in. Of course, I have a variant of ennui as it stands in 2016. At least I have penicillin now.

The temperature of my shower is just right. This Mozart piece is a wonderful little treat this morning. I'll have to save the title once I get out. I recognize it from Amadeus, which I count among my favorite movies.

I've always been this way really. My interest in classical music, dedication to cleanliness, indifference to everything popular, propensity towards iconoclasm, and other various persnickety oddities aren't attention-seeking affectations. Maybe it's the case that I'm trying to convince myself of something though. I worry about that. We worry about it. 

It occurs to me, however, that we're all weird. I have no particular idiosyncrasy which affords me the right to feel somehow superior to others. In city environments especially, we all like to think of ourselves as somehow distinct from others, even those within our social circles. There's a paradox to this however, because many of us long to be accepted and blend in with our peers. It's nice to be agreeable. Disagreeable people aren't fun friends. I should know. I'm in the process of pruning my life of these people.

It's Mozart's 25th Symphony. The second movement disappoints compared to the first's rousing feel. In fact  (and maybe I'll grow to appreciate it in time) it's not worthy of having been composed by Mozart. As only a former amateur musician, I probably shouldn't have the gall to say something like that. That musical genius. The sage of song. His birthday is coming up later this month, so I think I'll post this particular piece when the time comes. Just the first movement though. I don't want people to accidentally skip to the other two movements.

It's 8:35 on Thursday morning, January 14th. I told my friend earlier this week that I'd be down to hang out on Friday, and not sooner because I "supposedly have dates on Monday and Wednesday evening." At this point, I never believe anyone will follow through on anything until it's actually happening. I've been cancelled on, stood up, and ignored too often to continue to take people at their word. And Monday boy has been pretty flaky up to this point, despite what I perceive as enthusiasm. He actually showed up though.

Wednesday boy helped maintain my average. The gods shouldn't wish to upset the natural course of things, right? What would happen if everybody kept their word as a decent person? No, no, but here's how this played out. I met the fucker on Grindr, thought he was cute, asked if he'd like to go out as I always do rather directly, and he expressed that he would like that. We kept in touch decently through the holidays, and then last week we texted, where I ultimately expressed that I was excited to meet him soon. On Sunday, we decided that Wednesday would work for us both. Of course, it's generally the case that I am always available, which points to a certain problem but we'll not explore that right now. I explicitly told him that I'd text him on Tuesday to determine a time and place. He acknowledged that. So, of course I did contact him on Tuesday at 6:15 PM, and asked him if 7:00 PM on Wednesday would work. He did not respond to me. Silence.

I'm pleased that he didn't let me me invest in this even a little, though. It's important, given my sensitivities, that I don't become involved with insensitive people, which he very clearly showed himself to be.

Do I sound angry? Jaded? Something closely related? Well, maybe I am. Were it not for misanthropes, no such concept would exist. So here I am lending justification to the term. It's not to suggest that I don't experience happiness acutely. The happiness in my mid-twenties has largely come from experiencing the loveliness of music, literature, physical beauty, sexual ecstasy, ideas, and personal reflection. Achievement is a source of happiness, too, and perhaps one of the greatest sources at that. But achievement has been scarce for me during this period of life, insofar as my own standards are concerned. This isn't to suggest a lack of belief in myself. I regard myself as eminently capable. But I'll readily admit that I have thus far lacked the fortitude to take a chance.

Where does the line start? Why don't they put up a rope to encourage an orderly line? "Bacon, egg, and cheese on a sesame bagel, please." Here I go again with yet another breakfast sandwich. You're gaining some weight now that you're 25. It's not sustainable, and you've already noticed your clothes tightening. Maybe it's complete body dysmorphia, though. Working out vigorously, even three times per week, won't be enough to ward off extra weight now. You've simply got to eat right. It's the new thing among your generation anyways. Everybody eats right. You need to, too.

"Hey man, can I give you a little money? Will you go buy some breakfast in there with it? Here's $10. I hope you have a very nice day." God damn, I can't stand to see a man picking through a trashcan for food. If he's smart, then he'll get a sandwich like me for $2.81, and then he can have some left over to buy lunch with. What's $10 to me? This is a better form of charity than donating to any of these silly overhead-laden non-profits. And indeed he's walking in right now, literally in rags, to buy some breakfast. No administrative fee! Wonderful.

As Bob Higgs said recently, there shouldn't even be a poverty problem in a country like the United States were it not for public policy. There would be too many ways for people to escape poverty, and they would. This isn't idealistic pie-in-the-sky wishful thinking. Not only is the theory robust, but it's empirically the case. I'll admit that it's amazing how I have such certainty in the outcomes of my political commitments yet express rather grave doubt in many other areas. Don't confuse my lack of personal confidence for hesitancy in matters to be settled with logic and evidence. I do not care how far away logic takes us from our expectations of things, I will follow logic to the ends of the earth. What a stupid, puerile thing to say.

It's 9:15. Ding! "Going up."