It was the inevitability of the situation. Sweat, rain or river water who knew, we were drenched. We wanted nothing more than to be dry at home with the heating cranked up but the world thought otherwise and now dripping with gold they wanted nothing other than to be rid of it. Once there was black gold, then it was liquid black gold and now it was just fucking water. This wasn't the water riots, no this was a different fight. A fight for electricity. These dams became the most important things in the world once oil stocks reached critical, and the Firms just upped the prices until no one could afford it. They claimed the waterways, the people disagreed.

It was the same plan as D2. DeCew1 was empty, it was almost easy had it not been for those bastards flooding the fucking station before we arrived. DeCew 2 was a mess. The firms got wise quick. They held back as much water as they could flooding the banks of the creek and making the waterway too dangerous to use. They blew the roads to shit and bought in as many mortars as they could. Intel told us about the mortars but apparently they didn't hear anything about the IED's littering the way to the dam. No matter how big your vehicle is, with enough bang it will flip and it tends to stops travelling forward when it's upside down. As soon as the crews started crawling out the mortars rained down. Fortunately while we were crawling into whatever hole we could find the para's dropped directly onto the dam.

As soon as the crash and crackle of the mortars stopped we rose like zombies. It was fucking something. Shrapnel made us look like we had been in a shower of razors and the vehicle fires burnt the blood like caramel on creme brulee onto our skin. It was a good thing we charged like we did, the last of the paras had almost been killed when we burst in.

Today looked easier, the firms hadn't flooded the area like last time making the river a safe approach. Well safer, we were still fish in a barrel but at least this way the enemy would have to look four ways. The sides were what counted but with enough fire power we could do some damage, and we were in prime position to use indirect fire to screw the station up if needs be. Maybe the plan wasn't so shit this time but we still knew the odds, about 20% weren't injured or killed at D2. We figured we weren't that 20% bobbing along the water, even with the grenade machine gun, RPG's, grenade launchers and machine guns pointing out the front.

Our engines cut out. The roar of our twenty boats had dulled and the Lieutenant whispered forward 'row'. The next five minutes were tiring, cold and terrifying. They felt short though, very fucking short, too fucking short. 'ready' whispered the Lieutenant.  

Every soldier squinted through their sights, they couldn't see shit. The Lieutenant patted the two front gunners and they opened up. Everyone just fired into space. Our boat became a beaming strobe light as the muzzle flash polluted the mist and reflected off the rain drops. Like a fire it spread to the other boats as they joined in with the hell fire on the dam. The forests were the last to join in but certainly the loudest. The concrete of the dam immediately started breaking apart as our rounds ripped chips off here and there. Then we heard a series of thuds in the distance. It was no surprise, we were simply waiting for where the rounds would fall. The forest started collapsing like the Iron giant was having a party. Trees fell into the river but most of the boats managed to avoid them. The infantry had clearly started to get inside the dam and we were ordered to 'CEASE FIRE'. We had reached the dam and started getting our grapple hooks ready. 


Then more thuds. Different. These came from the water. The boats stopped flowing forward. We looked at each other. The boats started flowing with the river again, quicker this time. The concrete fell away, it just dropped from the horizon, that's when the screams started.