[Part 1](https://www.reddit.com/r/shortstories/comments/433yqv/sf_destroying_gods_part_1/)

[Part 2](https://www.reddit.com/r/shortstories/comments/4340ud/sf_destroying_gods_part_2/)

[Part 3](https://www.reddit.com/r/shortstories/comments/4344ht/sfdestroying_gods_part_3/)

Sylpheny

I learned a lot after my first mission with Alpha Squad. Though The Redeemers were started by Americans, we are funded by the governments of the world. All the worlds leaders know The Redeemers exist, but the general population is shielded from the terror that is all around them. I wondered, after killing the giant octopus if the incident would hit the newsstands. Steve explained to me that any incident which we are called to action is completely hushed by the governments with help from the Angels. The Angels, being gods themselves, have the power to wipe memories and fix any damage that was done during the attack before anyone can spread the word of what has happened. 

Before coordinated cover-ups began, there were attacks that didnt get completely wiped from history, though we now view them as tall tales or works of fiction. Stories like Big Foot and Godzilla. It is possible that you have even been attacked or witnessed a Demon attack, but have no memory of it whatsoever. Do you ever feel as if something or someone is missing from your life, but you cant quite put your finger on it? It is possible that the entire existence of someone you once loved is gone forever and youll never know for sure. 

I could spend a tremendous amount of time recounting all of the separate Demons we were called to stop while I was with Alpha Squad. The other squads surely had just as many attacks to thwart as well. It happens very often, all over the globe. Im not going to do that though, it would take up too much time and I would rather keep your mind at ease in not knowing if something has happened near you. I think its better to wonder than to know for sure. 

I want to get to Her and what happened before I somehow ended up back here in Nevada. 

When She appeared, we had just returned from dealing with a Demon in the form of a man in southern Turkey who had gathered human followers and had been attacking military forces in Syria and northern Iraq. It was a very tough fight because, unlike every other attack that had taken place, this one had men firing weapons back at us. JoJo was the only casualty from Alpha Squad, and we were all distraught over her death. 

Angels didnt typically come to our bunker. When She appeared in our common area we were surprised, to say the least. 

Angels always appear in human form to help protect humanity and keep a watchful eye on populated areas without drawing attention to themselves. She was different. She had the physical appearance of a woman, except for her glowing yellow hair and light blue, almost turquoise skin. She was barefoot and wearing a long white silken dress that seemed to be blowing in nonexistent wind. Her eyes were like fire that I felt could see directly into my soul. Sylpheny was beautiful in every sense of the word, in a way that Ive never experienced. As soon as Chris saw her he ran to what we called our bat phone and called Samuel, who arrived a few minutes later via transporter. She didnt speak at all until Samuel addressed her first. 

Sylpheny, this is quite asurprise. Samuel said as he entered the room. 

I received a message from (I dont know how to begin to say the name She said, it didnt seem to have any vowels and was almost painful to hear spoken  it was obviously the name of our God, which is too great for humans to comprehend. From this point on I will just keep referring to him as God when she speaks his name) that something is coming and only your teams can stop it. If we dont act quickly, all of the work The Redeemers have been doing for the last two centuries with be for not. Sylpheny responded. I say responded, but a better word would be sung. The only sound I can recall hearing that was near as beautiful is the sound of my daughters laughter. It sent chills all the way down to my bones. 

Sylpheny then explained that every time we destroy one of the gods, it does not kill it entirely. Only the vessel it has attached itself to at that time is destroyed and the entity itself is still alive looking for its next attack. The gods have realized that after 224 earth years of trying to destroy what God has created and failing every time because we are there to stop them, they must try a new angle of attack. 

If you have turned on the news at any time in the last several months, you are aware of the fighting going on in Iraq with this new terrorist group called ISIL or ISIS. The Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant or The Islamic State of Iraq and al-Sham is not only militant jihadists as the world believes. When Sylpheny gave us this information, it was all new to us as ISIS had not made the news yet. The Demons had begun working together and taken the form of humans, some already living. They realized that with the poor state of the Middle East and with humans fighting humans, they could use a more human approach in destroying Gods creations. They wanted us to come down on them and cause rifts between different governments and eventually cause us to wipe ourselves out in a final great world war. The leader of ISIS is in form Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi but is not truly the man we believe him to be. He, without a better way to explain it, is possessed by a Demon. 

Sylpheny told us, though Im sure we were all thinking it since we had just taken out a demon in human form with militant supporters that along with ISIS there are smaller groups throughout other parts of the world taking out villages and attacking unsuspecting military units. These occurrences were the first times in history that one of these lesser gods has actually possessed a human. 

God has pointed me in the direction of a plan that can stop all of this, without it coming to the boiling point which the demons are striving towards. Sylpheny said after explaining what was happening in the Middle East. You will meet me in Providence, Rhode Island in two days. It matters not where; I will find you when it is time. Along with myself and other Semantinice (I found out this is what the Angels called each other) will meet with you to explain our plan and what needs to be done to stop ISIS and bring peace back to your world. I will be addressing the other Redeemers squads with this same information. I will see you all in two days. 

And with that, she was gone. Sylpheny was standing in front of us all and in an instant she had vanished. 

This was all very hard for us to really comprehend. There has been fighting in the Middle East for thousands of years, so it makes sense that the Demons would use it as a platform for their greater plan, but at the same time this has been going on for so long that we couldnt understand what they could do that would set the entirety of humanity against itself. What could they be planning that would cause another great world war that, like many have foreseen, would destroy life as we know it? 

The next two days were the slowest two days of our lives. After we held a ceremony for JoJo, we all spent most of our time in the Control Room looking in on our families and familiarizing ourselves with ISIS. 

When it was time to take the Transporters to Providence, we each grabbed our weapons in case something happened while we were there. 

[Part 5](https://www.reddit.com/r/shortstories/comments/43482r/sf_destroying_gods_part_5/)