[Part 1](https://www.reddit.com/r/shortstories/comments/3rgcyb/sf_refinding_earth_part_one/)  [Part 2](https://www.reddit.com/r/shortstories/comments/3rpwbv/sf_refinding_earth_part_two_landing/)  [Part 3](https://www.reddit.com/r/shortstories/comments/3s3nkq/sf_refinding_earth_part_three_life/) 

Move out of the way. Druverlut said angrily, and pushed me aside.

We took out our weapons, and followed Druverlut back to where I had left Jarvis  or what was left of him.

Druverlut knelt down to inspect the suit Cover me, Ash.  

He turned the suit to make it face up, and see the inside of it. 

The helmet had been broken, and the frontal part of the suit ripped open. Blood was splattered all over it. It was as if something had stuck Jarvis on his helmet, knocking him unconscious. And then, his body was forcefully pulled out of the suit. Just the thought of it made me feel sick. Upon further inspection of the area, I realized that one of the trees had a dark fluid dripping from it.

Captain... I said quietly, trying not to make the situation any worse. 

Yes..?

I think we are being watched... Everyone turned to look at me. I could feel my heart pounding. I was afraid.  The trees. I pointed at the tree with the dark liquid. 

No one said a word. Druverlut quietly stood up to inspect the tree. I could see the worry in Ash's eyes. As Druverlut got closer to the tree, a shadow crossed the sky. I must say, I thought it was my imagination. I did not speak out.

Blood. Said Druverlut, slowly stepping away from the tree. 

We should go back to the ship. My voice cracked a little. 

We are too far and it is nearly night time. I saw a cave a few kilometers away from here, we will take shelter there. Whatever it is, it knows we are here. We can't risk another life by staying out in the open. Let's move. 

That sounded like the worst idea ever. But he was the captain after all. 

We illuminated our way through the dark, weary of every sound we heard. Initially, Ash had marked some trees with bright yellow paint for our return to the ship, that's how we knew we were still on the marked path.  

There it is. Said Sawatzky, referring to the cave.

The cave did not extend too far in, it was a remarkable size. We placed our belongings in a corner, and began to gather everything we could find in the cave to start a small fire. You'd think we'd have the sufficient technology to just magically produce a source of heat  which we did, but we hadn't brought much. We had not planned to stay out in this planet for the night. This was a nightmare come true. 
  I picked up Jarvis's camera. Ash sat quietly near the fire we had made. The little makeup she had was smudged. A death is never easy regardless if you knew the individual, or not. I don't understand, Frank. How did you, not hear when... She could not finish her question. I knew what she was going to ask. This made me re-analyze the situation. How did I not hear Jarvis being so cruelly, killed. How? He hadn't been too far from me.

I'm sorry, I don't understand either. Was all I could manage to say. My thought was foggy. I felt guilty. Was it my fault that Jarvis was now, dead? I disliked the guy, yes. However, I did not want him to die. Especially like that. 

May see the camera, dear? Ash handed Sawatzky the camera, and he began to review the pictures. Druverlut sat near the entrance of the cave, vigilant. 

As Sawatzky went through the pictures, I saw his expression change from that of being calm, to that of horror. 

Dear Lord...  Sawatzky said in a low tone, then looked at me in disbelief. Frank, come look at the last few pictures Jarvis took..

I sat next to him, and he handed me the camera. I felt, strange. I, could not believe what my eyes were seeing... I did not want to. 

The last few pictures Jarvis took were of a bipedal, muscular creature covered in thin fur. The first picture was of the creature climbing one of the trees, and it seemed unaware that it was being observed. The next picture revealed the creature looking straight at the camera, still hanging from the tree. 
  Its eyes were wide, and completely dark. It made sense for a creature living in such a dark planet. It also had quite large pointy ears, covered in thicker fur. Its mouth was, wide. That scared me. It must have meat that it was full of sharp teeth. But as it that wasn't bad enough, its 'hands' and 'feet' were huge. It did not have sharp claws as it could have been expected. Instead, its fingers were freakishly long. But then again, it all made sense. The creature lived up in the trees. The huge hands and fingers  helped it get around easily. Overall, the creature seemed to be around 7ft in stature. 

They...the humans, they evolved.. Sawatzky whispered, in a worried tone. He could not believe it. It is as if instead of going forward in evolution, they went backwards. They went, backwards, Frank. If that is the case, then I doubt they are intelligent. That thing killed one of our men, what does that tell you, Frank?

I was unsure of what to answer to this question. I looked at the picture quietly, and said It tells me that, we are at risk of being attacked too, and that we should get the hell out of here as soon as possible. 

Yes and no, Frank. It means that we are allowed to kill the creature, as it is unintelligent. It does not think the way we do! Or the way our ancestors used to. We can easily kill it, bring it home, and be done! Don't you see, Frank? You morally questioned me on this issue, if I recall correctly. Well, there's your answer. We can do it. 

It was clear that Mr. Sawatzky would not change his mind. 

To be continued
