Before you give my story  chance it's my first draft I never wrote before so be easy on me thanks!

July 25, 2038 

    9:45 AM US Eastern Time
        This morning General Rcalled me into his private office to go over a classified assignment. R has never been blunt with me about these assignments he has me and others going on but this one, this one was very different. 

    Ever since the war started back in the early twenties I been documenting my life places, people, events. I know that one day in the future people might look back and understand what it was like being in my shoes during this long never ending fight. June 25 exactly a month ago my hometown was taken over by them; 15 years of my documented life lost. One day these bastards will pay for everything they have taken from me. Hell, guess before I in go any further I should fill in most of the blanks. 

    For mine and everyone's protection we are not permitted to document real names; could fall into wrong hands before this shit storm is over with. They tell us after things go back to normal we can fill in the blanks if things ever go back. As for my real name you can just call me Clark; old hero of mine. I was born out in New York two thousand and six January ninth. Loving home, parents who worked nine to five jobs pretty decent childhood as far as I can recall.
 
    My father, he definitely was a bright man. He had a master in computer programming/engineering; paid for by US government. I can still remember him telling me how much of a joke our national security is, if only the suits in Washington paid him some attention we might not be in this mess. He didn't work for a firm, he was self-employed but did feel an obligation to always take government and military contracts. 
When the shit hit the fan back in 23 he left on assignment with others; never did get to see him again.
 
    Now my mother, one of the most loving people on this planet. I must say she did a good job raising me and my little brother. Mom was a secretary at a local accounting firm. Loved that she was always a part of my life and never put work before her family. Looking back my father always wanted us to be the best but my mother, now she was the loving and caring one that brought meaning into the word family. A few months after my father left on assignment she started nursing at the local hospital(most nurses and doctors left to help injured soldiers). 

    I do want to tell you about my little brother, he's also fighting in this war so well keep it brief. He was born about 5 years after me; spitting image of my mother. Little brat full of love, always questioning authority and sharp like the charcoal smoky looking blade he always kept on him.  Got to hand it to him kid read so much I swear he was teaching the teachers at school. 489 days since I last spoke to him, hopefully, that will change with this new assignment.
 
    I represent a half dead breed called the Marine Raider Regiment. When I first enlisted as a US Marine I had known idea I would be in boot camp training to become special forces. You see when the war erupted time itself started to become a priceless commodity, we just didn't have enough of it. Months of boot camp was forced down upon us in a few weeks, some people could take it sad really. I remember out class started off 497, 9 days into camp about 120 of us were left some died, some left, some went to the army and air force. I can recall on the seventh day of camp some old general Votel spoke to us all, America is under attack, the pain the suffering, the day to day torment will always remain in your life day and night. The only question left Marines is will you suffer to fight for our freedom, or will you suffer day and night knowing your the reason we no longer have out freedoms. Three hundred and seventy-seven cowards turned their back on our country in the last few days. Death is not something to be feared, we do not run from death we look at death right in-between the eyes and move forward. Emotion is a thing of the past when you shoot your enemy the only thing you will feel is the recoil of your rifle.. Woora Woora Woora, we all chanted seemed like this pep talk was something we needed but was something we all already knew. Didn't really matter we all could use the 15-minute rest before we went back to what we called hell (little did we know boot camp was paradise compared to what was in stored for us when we went to battle).       
  
    Waking up at 3:45 AM is hard at first after going to bed at 11 PM but you get use to it real quick. After a while it starts to get hard to sleep, never know when something could happen; paranoia developed into a 6 sense sorta. Most of our time we developed survival skills for the wild and learned gorilla warfare. Almost all of us were very educated, a hand few where just plane trigger happy Kevin now he was a scary motherfucker. In a blink of an eye, he could whip out his M4 and take a target out 4 to 600 meters away. All he ever wanted to do was be an assassin he uses to have pictures of enemy generals on the dart board and say One day soon I'll assassinate all these men with my bare hands. Always made be chuckle a bit but he was very serious with his words, in reality, we all had personal reasons for being here. Shawn now he was the guy I trusted with my life since day one. First 5 minutes of meeting each other we clicked instantaneously. He is about 511 a little smaller than me, jet black hair, Spanish with bean shaped eyes and a thin but ripped physique. A very loyal person and very dedicated to accomplishing the tasks at hand, real smart mouth too. Honestly don't think I would have been able to survive if it wasn't for him, truthfully we always fueled each other. Now when it came time to study for things he wasn't really the book type he needs to get his hands dirty, seems as time went on its harder to find people willing to give their all like we did. After we finished our boot camp there was no going home or relaxing we spent a day talking to one another and then went out on our first missions.  
   
    Now by the time we have finished up our accelerated boot camp Hawaii, Alaska Oregon and most of California was already overrun. The good news was we were able to keep them from moving deeper into the country, or so we thought. I still remember watching the news that morning when they announced the takeover. God damn sleeper cells in our country sad part are we've known about them since before the cold war.

     We were all split up in groups of two thank the heavens I was placed with my buddy Shawn, no one I trusted more. That day we went from hell whole Georgia to right outside San Fransisco. No shit was the scariest time of my life, first day and we were headed behind enemy lines shit like this are just unheard of. On the flight there Commander Thompson briefed us on our assignment Your target will be General Kuznetsov, Intel says he will be located Golden Gate Hotel always smoking a small chubby cigar, short smokey gray hair. Your mission is to enter his room kill him quietly gather any intel and report back to the bridge. You will regroup with team Sky and you four will execute mission fallen gate.. As soon as those words came out his mouth I had to know  I'm sorry sir what is mission Fallen Gate. Thompson bit his lip looked out the window took a breath and said with great disappointment  Son you boys are going to stop the enemy from advancing the bridge. Once you regroup there will be, explosives ready to blow that bridge will come down. Now you boys will have 6 hours and 6 hours only to achieve your mission before those explosives go down after that I hope you boys can swim. As I was informed Hotel is not Guarded so this will be simple just do not I repeated do not fuck this up, America needs a chance. Yes, Sir we replied without hesitation. Took about 4 more hours until we reached out drop off point and about 1 hour before we came into contact with Golden Gate Hotel. During that time nothing but focus, no words just hand motions. This is why I preferred working with Shawn he knew what I was thinking, I knew what he was thinking and there was no way we were going to fuck this up.
     
    We entered the city by crawling underneath the bridge. It was mostly silence and a pitch black city with a few light coming from it, truly a sad day. We left most of our equipment behind way too much to bring with us. All we took was a map, compass two 9 millimeter pistols binoculars and Shawn took his L115A3 Sniper, in case we couldn't get close we could still take the target out. It was insane doing this at first. We took a small wooden boat to the middle pillar of the Bridge. Once we got there I punctured a whole in the small wooden boat with my blade. The boat started to fill with water rather slowly. We crawled up the side of the bridge foundation until we could climb up the steel trusses underneath. Once we were directly under the bridge I could see the boat had already begun to drift under the water. after a few seconds, the thick smoky fog was starting to settle in, I could barely see my hand in front of me. My first taught was we are probably the first people here since the build this bridge all those years ago. As we finally approached the other side of the bridge that's when we started hearing the enemy, about 12 maybe 13 kept our cool and kept moving along the path we had been on. Once we reach the end of the bridge we could literally see the city, mostly looked abandoned with a few soldiers walking around. We quickly looked at the map using the moonlight we could barely see as the fog grew thick. We saw a building close by that has a roof with a viewpoint of the hotel just to get a better layout of the area. Swiftly made our way towards the building. We headed in thru the side entrance in-between a small ally way and go figure, a dam dispensary; gotta love California. It was already vandalized we did look around for a minute hell why not. Then proceeded with caution and headed to the roof. once we made it we finally had eyes on the Hotel we then radioed Team SKY to let them know all was a go but didn't hear back. Time started to grow incredibly slow all there was to hear was my heart beating like a madman. 5 minutes went by and This is Alpha team Sky mission Fallen Gate is an abort all teams move back. I radios back I don't understand we have eyes on the prize should we proceed? Radio came back almost instant this time Take the prize out, double time back to the bridge you'll have 2 targets outside your location and 6 at the bridge. We will be in a green sedan 200 yards into the bridge explosives malfunction you have 32 minutes, god speed. Fucking shit whispered Shawn. We waited about 2 minutes and had a clean shot I told him to take it. Boom! Kuznetsov hit the floor before we even heard the gun go bang, love it. We knew we could  not bring the sniper so we left it behind and flew like bats out of hell. Marching out the side, we crept slowly out the ally as the morning shadows cloaked us and there we saw the first two targets. Nice and slowly we waited for them to pass us and we slit their necks and dragged the bodies into the alley from which we had just emerged from. It was time to haul ass to the bridge and by this time, you could defiantly hear a bunch of commotion going on from Kuznetsov being assassinated. as we got to lose to the bridge the 6 men where there staring hand on their rifles ready to go. I looked at Shawn with a grin and he grinned back as we both pulled out our 9 millimeter Glock handguns. Those watchdogs didn't even see us coming, we shot two each and then we shot the last two together as we bolted toward the bridge. Shawn glances at me Green sedan can they be any more cryptic it's fucking dark outside I cant see shit As fate would have it they turned the sedan on just in front of us and we got in the back and pulled off just minutes before it was time for the bridge to fall. Shit thanks for not leaving us behind Kuznetsov is K.I.A(Killed in Action). Said Shawn. Once we make it to the other side you guys get out and get to your drop off point this area will be filled with hostiles within the hour. Tell Commander Thompson mission was failed and we are heading out to start mission SV. Said the Passenger. Now he wasn't a marine looked like a seal but was in civilian attire. Tan colored baseball hat, Hawaiian button down shirt and cargo shorts. I had to say something How was the mission a fail? Kuznetsov is dead and a bridge will blow in 2 minutes 13 seconds. Intel! you were not able to secure any important information! Mission was not carried out how it was supposed to be. He actually turned to me and looked into my eyes, Nothing is perfect. Mistakes happen, don't beat yourself up about it just move on to the next and don't look back After the talk we reached the end of the brand and I swung open my door, and well what do you know. We all got out and took the minute as the last Americans to see the Golden Gate Bridge whole, and then the explosions started going off. One by one seemed to have no effect but when the fourth one went off it was like a sack of potatoes hitting the floor. We all went our ways after that. 

    I really wanted to mention my first story because it has had a major influence on how I run my operations now. God, there is few times a week where I can dream and it's always that same moment. First people I killed, first failed mission and the Bridge coming down. Seems like I could have done things so much differently but in the end, you can't change what has already been done. Things were crazy back, in the beginning, we just acted, no preparation no real thought was put into these assignments. Another reason why I wanted to tell the story is because I got to let you know a little about Shawn and now you see I trust him since day one and still all these years later. 

    As we speak I'm down back in hell hot Georgia first time since boot camp. Spent last three weeks training about 17 men with Shawn. To tell the truth these men aren't ready to fight and if we push them too hard I think they will break down physically and mentally. Things were a lot different back then but I had to atlas try to whip these men into not shape but just the gruesome reality of war. Some people can handle it like me and Shawn but others can't and we don't need to loose anymore Americans to stupidity. This country was made on gorilla warfare and that's how we plan to take it back. Before General R send me on this mission me and shown are to head down to Tampa, Florida to meet with a native American tribe see if we can recruit them to assist us in fighting. 

    Looking back in history its a bit funny how we raped, killed and stole their land and now we are going to negotiate for their assistance in getting back their original land just to give it back to us. Got to love America. Highly doubt they will offer their help with asking for a state or something in that ballpark range. Ugh, I just want to leave the south already dam heat bothers the shit out of me really puts me on edge. 

    Think its time I put the pen down, for now, looks like I am needed in the mess hall, perhaps a speech to the rookies before we get ready to head out. Should I be positive or realistic I can never tell maybe just say the same shit that was said to me when I was here all those years ago? 

July 28,2038

    Too soon. I was right General R wanted me to give them a pep talk. No pep talk is going to get these men ready for what's coming in the next few weeks. I entered his office when I last left off. "General you wished to see me?" I said as I slowly pushed his door open. I must say his office was darker than usual, fireplace burning, he stood up pushed his chair back nodded softly at me and curled his bottom lip up pressing against the top,"sit down son." He said softly with a hint of sadness in his voice. He walked over to an old oak wood cabinet, took out two small but wide glasses and a half drunk bottle of what appeared to be Whisky." It's times like these I crack the bottle. These men are months away from being remotely close to any sort of battle. Washington gave the order to send 240 expendable men to march into New Jersey and hold the bridges." General R said with sadness in his voice. "Sir if I may, they will be slaughtered. We need to get the Native American tribes on outside and attack in bursts." I was cut off. "Your are right. We all know what needs to be done. Washington gives order and we follow them. Now I need you to go out there give these men hope. Sacrifice is needed to win this." Said general R. I swirled around my glass in a counter-clockwise motion and threw it back down my throat. I could feel the stinging and burn but my mind was some place else to comprehend the pain. "Ok well let me get on with it," I said as I placed the glass down at the edge of his desk. I then Walked out of his office I glanced back at him and nothing he was just staring off into the fire. 
   
         I made my way to the mess hall where everyone was sitting, some were eating others standing to talk among one and other. I blurted out"Marines attention"Everyone stood and looked at me the loyalty and respect made this that much harder. When you leave here and arrive is hostile territory give it everything you have. Hold nothing back because if you men fail this country fails. Being a Marine is for eternity, so do not be scared of death. All our brothers and sisters will regroup in hell to take on the devil next. Myself and Shawn will be leaving this afternoon. We will be heading down south for a few days and will meet back up with you all as soon as we have the chance. We will fight side by side no Marine will be left behind! I said in the proudest voice I could muster up. They all replied WooRa WooRa WhooRa 
   
     I nodded my head toward everyone then made eye contact with Shawn. He knew too follow me back to our room without hesitation. Clark, we are not to leave to Tampa until the end of the week; what is going on? Shaw softly asked as we walked side my side back to our room. 101024 I whispered back to him. After all the years of working side by side with Shawn we developed certain codes to talk to each other, this was one of those codes. 101024 is used for when our orders are shit and I have a better plan that will work out better in the long run and keep us from getting in trouble with Washington. As we made it to our rooms and started to pack I let him know what General R had told me before I made it to the mess hall. So what is your plan then, how can we save these men Clark? Shawn asked. Before I could even say one word General R came barging in through the door as I suspected he would. He always knew when I was going to define orders but most of the time he could understand, who knows what he would say this time. Shawn, Clark just what the hell do you think you're doing? General R said furiously with a hint of curiosity. With all due respect sir, I refuse to sit idly by as our brother march off to die in the sunset. Im sure if we leave now we can negotiate with the native tribes and have them assist us in Jersey. Who knows we could even begin to take back most of the North East, could possibly be our turning point! I said with the most enthusiasm.  You boys are true Americans I hope you realize this. This is why I have always counted on you two to do what's right, to make those tough decisions when no-one else couldnt, in a blink of an eye. I will not keep you from leaving to Tampa today. Hell, I will even assist in getting you there, keep open lines so whatever supplies you or they need we can help. General R said with a small smirk on his dried up face. Shawn immediately followed up with Now R what's the catch, what do you need from us to do. You never let us go rogue without your own agenda in mind. So do tell us what are you pondering? I chuckled. Shawn always did like to add wood into the fire. General R nodded his head and told us. Boys you remember I told you I need you to go on a special assignment. Well, it's not that I gave those orders this time. Washington well the Commander a Chief personally asked for you two. As far as details go I'm just as blind to this as you two.(General pulled out a small wooden seat from under our desk, took a seat and folded his arms up.) They always keep me in the loop, this time, it's very how do you say, cryptic. I received orders that when you boys leave here to not go to Tampa. That we are sending our men to New Jersey as a distraction so you two can slip undetected to Pennsylvania.My jaw dropped in confusion, in disbelief. I look at the floor just staring into blank space. How, how can our government sacrifice these men for us it doesn't make sense, I said with great sadness. Shawn followed up with What can possibly be so important there they would have our youth be slaughtered like cattle. It doesn't matter why. You, boys, get ready Ill have a chopper ready to bring you two down to Florida in 15 minutes. No Marines will die like that, you guys will stop this. Get those dark foot killers. General R said  as he shot up from the wood chair and sprinted out the room. 

    We both took a minute to come back down to earth from just hearing that. We took out tactical black backpacks out and took out every this that was not of great importance. The only thing our bag was filled with was extra magazine clips, an extra scope an encrypted radio to talk to General R, a camouflage folded up a tarp, a map of the east coast the USA and small fire starter. We wore tactical clothing, head to toe in Teflon black camouflage. Our upper left breast area we had  Kabar knife. Right and Left legs 9MM Glock handguns with extra loaded clip underneath. Our forearms we had a folded lever 8 split blades for hand to hand combat and a compass around our wrist with a mechanical watch. in our left back pant pocket, we bit carried flatten pick locks, an overloaded card and a flatten USB thumb drive. We never really wore hats wasn't our style comfort is a very important thing to us. Neither did we put on sunglasses. Since the power has been flaky across the nation we decided to bring these glasses with led lights in case of total darkness. Ready? Shawn asked, Yeah let's do this. I replied softly. Shawn quickly paced out the door I followed closely behind. As I exited the door I hit the light knob then softly closed the door. Quickly, we walked single filed to the side courtyard and there was the bird getting prepped for the off. May God be on your side boys. Until we meet again. General R said as we climbed up in the bird. We nodded at him no words were said, then again there was nothing to say. Now this was not a military helicopter it was medical. Had big red cross on it, I could only assume they wanted no-one knowing we left camp grounds. Shawn never did like to be in the air he just leaned back in his seat, probably won't move or say a word until it's time to descend. I didn't have that luxury, thoughts never leave my head even in silence well that's when it's the loudest. Doors shut on both sides and lifting off the ground General R holding a salute until he was too far to see anymore.

    Now you're more than likely under the assumption I am meeting with the native Americans from school texts book. Yes and no really. When the war exploded in the middle 20s the government was calling on the American people to fight, we did. After a while, people didn't want to die on behalf of  the governments hidden agendas, hell who can blame them. The apache Indian tribe from long ago was reborn nationwide. Essentially it was the same practice with modern advances. These men all worked together in the shadows of the woods and forest and have been growing in numbers over the years. They have taken many enemy forces out who try to advance on their land. Every now and then some branches in different states help our men in battles. This is how we were able to acquire our intel to meet with one of their leaders down in Tampa. 

    Truthfully we have no idea how to come into contact with them since they are well hidden even in plain sight. We know of a radio personality that's been active since before the war started that could put our message over the airways. This is our only chance to arrange a meeting. This doesn't work not sure what else we can do truthfully. Drew Garabo real slick talker, slightly older man actually has his old people the L.O.D (Legion of Drew). I've been told they will bring us no harm but letting our guards now is never an option. I'm going to see if I can pick up his broadcast on my radio see what he's really about, should be in range within the hour.