Mist swirled around them, a thick grey choking fog. The only thing they could see was the wooden planks which they stood on. There were 46 of them, meant to be 50 but some didnt turn up, probably too scared. Jenson waited, hearing the noise of people shouting around him. The fog came and went, so this patch wouldnt last long. He walked over to the nearest group of people, huddled up together. It was important to stay in groups, getting lost could mean you were away for a very long time. Jenson talked with the group for a few minutes, until the mist began to clear. It snuck away dragging tendrils behind it and was blown off over the hard black rocks in the distance. The ground here was mostly sand, but to the west, boiling hot rock oozed over the surface, and the east was the gently fizzing waves of the ocean. The lava solidified when it touched the water, and had formed a solid rock crust on the surface, with the burning liquid sizzling over the top. The wooden platform they stood on was constructed above the constant battle between the ocean and the distant flaming mountain. Red flags winded down the beach, and led to yet unexplored areas, ready to be mapped. Jenson looked back to the centre of the platform, where the World Box stood. It was a small pedestal, with a cylinder lying on top. Made of old rusted metal, and covered in winding pipes and levers, it looked like some junk from an old factory. From the opposite end of the planks, behind the World Box, a voice called out. It was the expedition leader, Miss Skrachert, a tall woman with long dangling arms and a stretched face with cheekbones that seemed to stretch into another dimension all by themselves. Stop waiting around here, we have work to be doing. The longer we spend here, the longer we spend everywhere else. It was a very interesting comment on the current situation. However, the meaning behind it was rather lostno, crushedby the fact that Miss Skrachert Had a voice like nails being scraped across a blackboard. She walked down the stairs at the edge, with everyone else following after her. Now be careful, we cant have anyone falling into this liquid fire or getting swept out into the ocean. This place is new to all of us, we cant take any chances. This was ironic, as there were almost 50 people here putting their continued survival down to complete chance that this whole place wouldnt be entirely obliterated by the fire spewing mountain that loomed over them. However, they all came, for, as the posters put it, the continued proliferation of the glorious British empire! (and the fact that they got a very nice 50 pay check). They walked in a twisted line along the calmer areas of the beach, following the flags, and collecting any interesting pieces of solidified lava, exotic shells, or odd creatures that they happened to come across. After 15 minutes of walking towards the north, they came to the end of the flag poles, and where in new territory. Some people, designated as mappers, began pulling out pieces of tattered paper to make drawings of the surroundings, and some began setting up new flag poles at the front of the group. Jenson stood somewhere in the middle of this, himself setting up a tripod for holding a large camera that he carried under one arm. As he began to screw the camera onto it, a voice spoke up at the back of the lineMiss Skrachert, the maps say someones already been here. There must be some sort or mistake, come take a look. She replied, seemingly angry at someone simply trying to help There has never been a mistake, Sir. These expeditions are perfectly planned, and if you think for one minute that something has gone wrong I will have you remo At that moment a scream went up from the other end of the line. Every head turned to look, even the furious Miss Skrachert. A group of flaggers stood a few metres from the suddenly crashing waves, as a pale and bloated body was pushed ashore.

The whole group ran toward the body, as more and more where washed in. Miss Skrachert tried to calm everyone, as they were shouting at her, demanding an explanation. Jenson stood back, still setting up his camera. If someone else had found a way to make it here, it would be the biggest news of the year. The workings of the World Box were a secret to almost everyone, no one was allowed to even see the inside. It was common knowledge that there were only 3, all stored at Dr Vernons Laboratory, or as others called it, his house. So where could these other people have come from? It was very clear once the flags started washing up onto the shore. Thats when people worked out that the maps where correct. Thats when they realised they had to run. Jenson was one of the first to reactout at the back of the group, he grabbed his camera, ripped it off the tripod, and left screws and metal parts lying in the sand. The others ran behind him, back towards the platform and the World Box, back towards the only exit. As they ran, the sand shook under them, the waves bouncing up and down. The ground dropped and everyone fell, as the side of the volcano ripped open. Jenson tripped and dropped his camera, dunking it in wet muddy sand, and smashing the lens on a block of dark rock. The Skrachert woman ran passed up, not caring about the lives of anyone else. Her blue coat waved behind her as she ran. He pulled himself to his feet, with the camera and continues running. Others ran behind him, shouting and cursing. The waves were dragged away from the shore, as a cloud of black billowing smoke tore down the mountainside towards the beach.

To be continued on https://www.reddit.com/r/worldsaway