Archibald winced. "Stop squirming!" Said Raphaela. Archibald was back in his apartment, his wounds being tended to by Raphaela. "Why didn't I regenerate? I'm purpose built for this-" Raphaela cut him off, saying, "They used magic enhanced by holy metamagic rods. Plus, they were experienced spell casters. I took the liberty of checking their spell component pouches and I found silver dust." Archibald sighed. He looked over to the corner where Satan was sitting, with Mastema standing at attention at her side. 

"What now, my lord?" Archibald inquired. Satan flatly responded, "We make an example of the survivors. They came to our plane, they attacked our people, they're going to face our justice. Heaven will feel our wrath." Archibald nodded and looked at Raphaela. She saw the hurt in his eyes. She telepathically asked him, "What's wrong?" Instead of words, sorrow flooded her mind. Then the memories came.

Suddenly, the flow of memories and emotions stopped. The connection between Archibald and Raphaela severed on Archibald's end. Raphaela knew his pain. She withdrew from her lover and retreated to the door, and quietly left with a single forlorn glance.

Archibald watched her go, desperate for her to stay. But there was nothing he could do. His self pity was interrupted when Mastema said, "Archibald, she's no good for you. She's just like the rest of her kind. Sure, she might stay with you for a few centuries, but she'll leave-" Archibald barked at her in Orcish, cutting her off, "No! She'll stay! She just needs time to process my pain." 

Mastema opened her mouth, but then closed it when she realized that it would change nothing. Satan sighed and said, "Archie, I need you at your best. I can't have you distracted by some Azata. Okay?" Archibald buried his head in his hands and said, "Just... leave. I need some space. I need time to process." 

Satan nodded and disappeared in a puff of acrid smoke. Mastema approached her brother and put a hand on his shoulder before teleporting away, too. He was alone. 

The memories were overpowering. A child. A half fiend. His child. Learning to walk. To talk. To read. To write. To hold a sword. To fight. Suddenly, grown. An antipaladin among Satan's shock troopers. Then the child had its own child, a tiefling boy. Then, one day, the half fiend failed to return from battle, slain by angels and paladins and clerics. Archibald loved his grandson and cherished his only living remind of his daughter. Then, one day, his grandson disappeared. Only to return a traitor and an enemy. By this time Archibald had accepted his destiny. He would destroy that which he held dear. And he would have to suppress his feelings. He would have to harden his heart. He would have to become the machine that Satan wanted. 

He lifted his head from his hands. He knew what he had to do.

------

This is the first draft of the fourth chapter to a short story I'm writing about the Big Bad of the Pathfinder campaign I'm running (I'm a nerd, I know). The main character is Archibald, Hell's Lord Inquisitor, essentially the head of the Infernal Internal Affairs. Though it is set in a standard Tolkienien fantasy multiverse, Hell is not restricted by those laws and is a fusion of medieval, modern, and futuristic, with influences from all over time and space. Critiques welcome.