It doesn't take much to run a brain. Not really. The right mixture of sauce can keep anything alive these days. We have evolved, or should I say that progress has evolved to make us what we are today. It wasn't long ago, in the 21st century, that we were entering the cusp of what would one day be the start of how we became machines when the only other choice we faced was death. 

How did this happen? Our ability to transmit thought waves to electrons to become beings began out of necessity. First it started with chimps of course, driving their wheeled robots through their thought waves alone. This impressive feat of progress gave headway to the development of first applications with paralyzed patients who were free for the first time to fetch for themselves using robot avatars. First came chunky motorized frameworks driven by wheels which allowed remote ability to fetch items or answer the phone or doorbell. 

Meanwhile, projects were at hand, for producing capable replicas of the human form. It was soon after wireless communications were applied, point to point, that the house-bound could leave their quarters in the form of an avatar who could walk and perform tasks requiring the precision of a human form. It was through this virtual engagement, the paralyzed and the housebound could live again, out in the real world. 

Only the brain needs to be engaged with the virtual interface to the avatar robot and the patient was free of any constraints of immobility. The crude designs of the early human form of robotic avatars gradually became a vanity project for those now free to use their brains to engage with the world through these computerized forms. The avatars appearance became the face and form of the patient who lived some other place almost like in a jar on a shelf somewhere else. It was the real world that the avatar gave the patient, and the patient wanted to be as customised as possible to engage in his own personal way with it. 

So it began, a whole industry started to take shape when people, whose bodies were giving out on them, but their brains were intact, wanted to conquer death and live forever in the form of a personalised avatar. They choose to live, through a preserved and functioning brain, somewhere in a facility. It became the better option than death to many people. Loved ones and family would never have to suffer the loss of the dying, as long as the brain was functioning, they could always be with them, theoretically forever. 

Avatars, of course, evolved into as human and pleasing a form as possible, all run by brains remotely hooked to them through plasma and electrons. Then progress took us another step further. Brains could be implanted into the avatar and kept alive through a hybrid process of a feedback system that preserved and supplied the brain with its biological needs. 

The grim reality of decrepitude and death was replaced with the ceremonial disposing of the body after the brain had been transplanted into its personalised avatar. It even gave the opportunity to increase ones ability to enhance their form factor. What was lacking in your original body, such attactiveness or ability could be created in the avatar. Since virtual reality has taken over many forms of our lives and work places, the brain, in its avatar form can enter into any virtual world and paradoxically function as a machine in virtual games or worlds. 

This is how we have evolved, and our society has evolved, as biological forms and ageless avatar brains living together on a journey that, through science, tries to discover the meaning of life. 