A welcome sun rose over the silhouettes of the last five survivors from Northend Station as they inspected the remains of a terrific battle.  They'd lost one of their brothers that day.  There were few days they didn't. 

More than a dozen Retread bodies littered the field, motionless while tendrils of blue smoke curled slowly up from the ground around them like the ghostly arms of the dead trying to pull their souls up from hell.  

"Good luck with that," thought Hammer, as he plunged his boot into the particularly fleshless cheekbone of a Retread's once undead face.

Here were the last men standing, their jaws set with determination and resignation at the task before them.  But like most Runners, they didn't waste much time on reverie.  They were trained to engage and survive combat with Retreads, and that meant constantly moving forward.  

While Hammer was busy making sure the dead were going to stay that way, the rest of the team scavenged the bodies while scanning the trees that surrounded them.  Their leader, Bryant, battle-scarred and fearless, looked over his remaining men and considered his options.  He knew the end was coming. Soon.

Bryant motioned to Rathman, an old fighting companion who'd just dispatched a Retread nearly a big as he was. The other three men, Gregg, Hammer, and Archer gathered near as he pointed to the carcass of Rathman's most recent victim.   

Bryant started patting down the body.  "You said it was holding something?"

Rathman stuck an unsanitized finger into a deep, bleeding gash on his arm.  "I didn't see anything because I was, you know, watching the eyes, but then he gets me out of nowhere with a big chunk of glass."

Bryant grunted thoughtfully.  "Must've been stuck in him already."  He lifted a flap on his uniform that exposed a glowing disk on his bare shoulder.  "Check your ISIs."

Each man lifted a similar flap on his uniform to reveal an Infection Status Indicator.  Bryant's was green.

Gregg spat some blood-tinged saliva on a nearby corpse.  "Green."

Archer glanced over at Gregg's indicator.  "I dunno, it's really more of a chartreuse."

"Fuck you, Archer.  Maybe I'll be busy next time you need ass-istance."

"Sure looks like it's turning kind of yellow to me.  What do you think, Hammer?"  He covertly checked his own shoulder. "I'm green."

Hammer tossed them a half-cocked smile.  "I think if you fought as much as you talked, we'd be on a beach right now drinking beer instead of checking ISIs and wondering how we used up all the ATOX already.  Green."  He carefully resealed his indicator and began to stretch. "And if I were you, I'd be nice to Gregg.  I saw you take at least two hits.  That leaves, what? Two or three more before you start to permeate?"

Archer reviewed the battleground as if watching playback of himself, mockingly counting each bite he'd taken on his fingers.  He stopped at three.

Bryant took a step towards Rathman knowing that what he was about to say was unnecessary.  Rathman knew what was coming, but Bryant owed it to him to say it aloud.  "If Hammer takes the last injection he's got a good chance, but he'll have to cut straight through the attack while we make a path."

Rathman lifted his uniform flap to expose his ISI.  It was red.  Red was never good.  "Don't worry, Bryant. I'm ready." 
 
Bryant looked at him with grim comprehension.  He could save his friend with the last ATOX antidote or help ensure the success of the mission by giving it to Hammer. 

"How d'you feel?"

"You don't have to worry. I ain't gonna' turn. I already took my Pill."

Rathman fished for a tear in his collar where a secret compartment had once been sewn shut.  It held a suicide capsule, known as The Pill.  Issued to every Runner as a last resort, it insured that, once infected beyond help, death would be final.  He showed the compartment to Bryant.  It was empty. 

Bryant nodded solemnly.  "Gregg, Hammer, Archer here's the plan."





The men moved quickly behind the clank of their weapons as they approached the surrounding trees - and eternity.  These were men prepared to die.

Gregg shouted at Bryant between strained breaths. "Why're we so sure that they're going to be between us and Norco Station?"

"Because I can see 'em."

In the distance were dozens of powerful looking Retreads.  Waiting.  Some even looked like they had weapons, which was something none of them had ever seen before.  

Bryant bit open the blister of fabric that contained his Pill.  On a good day, he figured, they could take on as many as two dozen Retreads at once, but those were the Retreads he was used to seeing.  Sure, they were fast and fierce despite decomp, but they had the IQ of buttered toast.  The Retreads he was trained to fight were wandering, aimless, primal, hardly capable of identifying a weapon, much less wielding one. 

The Retreads before them looked ready.  Organized.  A flash of apprehension came over him as the prospect of evolution crept into his peripheral thoughts, but he swallowed it back.  Along with his Pill.  Gregg and Archer did the same.  Only Hammer's Pill remained untouched.  It sat sewn into his collar, just above the pocket that carried the last dose of ATOX.  He'd need it.





Survival was out of the question, but despite being outnumbered, the Runners made fast work of debilitating the enemy legion before falling, themselves, into oblivion.

Bloodied and filthy, only Hammer remained, moving quietly towards the edge of the trees and the lights of Norco Station.  He was drunk with exhaustion, wounded, and his ISI was ruddy.  Still, he stumbled forward to stay alive.

"It's only a klick," he thought, "A quick sprint through the clearing and I should be home free."

But then he looked up. 

Standing motionless just inches from his face was a dark silhouette, distinguishable only as its eyes slowly opened like two crazed orbs, dripping with decomposition.  The air hung still between them, Hammer's fists slowly clenching while the creature's clawlike hands twitched to life and its mouth curled into what looked like a smile?
 
A heavy pause.  Who would make the first move

Neither.  Metal flashed and the Retread slumped to the ground, its head rolling into the shadows of the forest. Hammer could barely react as a blur of movement whisked around him and a pair of twisted hands reached out and seized him, pressing gnarled fingers against his mouth. Over his shoulder was a pair of wide, insane eyes framed by a sullied, hardened face that pressed close as Hammer struggled. 

"Shh. They're listening," whispered the man as he loosened his grip.

That was about as formal an introduction as Hammer was going to get. He whipped around. 

"Who's listening?"

"Sentrys."

"Whose sentrys?"

"The Retreads'. And they know you're here."

"How?"

"Things are changing."

He pointed ahead at the clearing between them and Norco Station, where a forest of fifty static silhouettes now stood like pillars facing them.  This was something Hammer hadn't seen before, and didn't know what to make of.  But there was no time for more answers.  With or without Hammer, his new companion was moving forward.

"Coming?"

Hammer extended a crusty hand, quickly greeted with an exotic, homemade weapon that made him feel instantly safer.  He started to make for the most obvious route to Norco Station, but a hand on his houlder held him back.

"Not that way."

He pointed in a different direction and the men moved tactically though the woods.  They didn't know each other, but they moved as a well oiled unit.  When Hammer strafed right, his companion instinctively guarded left.  It was a morbid tango to do with a stranger, but even Hammer could sense that they were dealing with more than just a couple Retreads.  They were up against something bigger.  Something worse.
				  





It took hours to dance their way to the station.  They snuck in undetected through a secret entrance.  Every station had one.  As soon as they got the metal door closed, Hammer's body gave out.

"You've had a rough one, kid."

"It's Hammer."

"It sure is. I'm Benton."

There was no need to shake hands.  In a way, they knew each other intimately.

Hammer finally took the time to give Benton the once-over.  He was a little older than Hammer. A little grittier. A Runner like him, but a tougher-looking motherfucker. Lots of scars. Retread brain spattered on his pants.  Green ISI, even after a day like that.  Well equipped.  Probably shrewd.  Probably crazy. 
 
A man came charging down the tunnel at them.  What he lacked in build, he made up for in bravado.

"I thought I told you to stay on-site!"

Benton brushed him aside. "I thought I told you to fuck off."

"You disobeyed a direct order from a commanding officer!"

"Then write me up for it, Sarge."  Benton knew he wouldn't.  There were the last two Runners left here and Mobar only theoretically so.  He'd never actually engaged.

"Who's that?" Mobar motioned to Hammer.

"Name's Hammer Sir." Hammer tried to hide his disgust for the man.  Soft hands, a nose never broken, all of his anterior teeth.  Pencil pusher.  Politic-er.  The kind of man that hid in a closet back when Northend fell.  The first kind of man to die there.

"Why are you here, soldier?"

"I served at Northend, Sir. It's gone. I'm all that's left of Run Team 12." 

"Who's protecting Civvy Gate North, then?"

"Just the wall, I'd assume." Hammer feigned pain while Mobar glared at him with an entitled scowl. "Sir."

"It's like I told you, Sarge," Benton gloated. "They're getting smarter."

"Enough of your evolution bullshit. Get cleaned up and go to medical."  Mobar stormed off.

"C'mon, kid. Let's get you some more ATOX."

"And maybe a cheeseburger?"

"Or our best attempt at one."






"Here, Benton. Make it last, because I'm locking up the rubbing alcohol." Daisy shoved a bottle of moonshine at him in exchange for her latest patient.

Hammer chuckled.  She barely came up to his shoulder, with pastel violet hair and alabaster skin that belied an aversion to sunlight.  She looked delicate, but felt no need to act it.

"What're you laughing at?" she barked at Hammer, tossing him a dose of ATOX. "Sit. Inject. Rinse off. Report."

"Yes, ma'm." 

The ATOX burned its way through his circulatory system while the chemical shower burned its way across every cut, scrape, and bite mark.

Before he'd even washed off the first layer of grime, Daisy started talking to him through the glass.

"Benton tells me shit went down up at Northend."

Unable to open his eyes, he felt her unabashed glare on his naked form.  He was tempted to cover up, but figured he was too old and mutilated for her to see him as anything other than anatomy anyway.

"I guess so, Doc. We were on patrol and came back to chaos. Did what we could, of course, but when everyone was dead, we grabbed what supplies were left and let her burn."

"Why come here, why not go to the wall?"

"We heard you had a good medic."

Daisy kicked the glass of his shower stall.

"No, really, Doc! If you check the tongue of my right boot"

Benson hopped out of a shower two down from his and curtsied, nude, for Daisy.  "By all means, let me."  He retrieved a tiny jump drive.  Daisy ripped it out of his hand.

"Lemme see that."

Hammer finished up and threw on his still soiled clothing. It made the shower feel like a bit of a waste, but he wanted to feign some sort of propriety in front of the lady.   

Daisy popped the drive into her computer.  The three of them huddled around her monitor as she played the single video file it contained.






As the camera flickered on, the scene behind Northend's medic was carnage.  Bloody handprints, intestines, gun shots.  Retreads and Runners in pursuit of one another.  The screams of the dying echoing through the air like unholy dinner bells.

The medic whispered into the camera. It was tough to hear him over bursts of gunfire.

"This message is intended for Daisy Stew-- RATATATATAT --chief medic at Norco Station.--" 

Benton paused the video. "You know this guy?"

"He trained me. Don't touch my computer." 

She batted his hand away and hit play.

"--regarding sample R24079. The origin virus. Unresponsive to ATOX and-- LOUD CRASH --and otherwise asymptomatic until permeated. We thought we destroyed it all, but several Runners that returned today have been infected, so there must have been another source. Find the source, Daisy.--" He ducked for a moment while a Runner ended a Retread just a few feet behind him.

His speech pattern quickened. "The returning unit presented no symptoms of illness. No arrhyth-- CRACKLE OF A FLAMETHROWER AND INDETERMINATE SHOUTS --matidrosis, or psychotic outbursts. ISIs were green." Something fleshy flew past the camera, followed by a burst of flame that illuminated the blood spattered walls behind him.

"I now have reason to suspec-- TAT TAT TAT TAT -- the ISIs they were wearing were forgeries. Don't trust the ISIs."

Hammer glanced over at Benton. His ISI had been green even though he was sure he'd seen him take at least a couple hits But maybe they were clean ones. He had been better equipped, and he'd saved Hammer's life, after all

"The infected retain all normal faculties and exhibit no physical signs of infection. No loss of speech, dexterit-- EXPLOSION --no retardation. Only indications of infection are lack of response to injury, full mobility despite cardiac arrest and organ failure, and a taste for human flesh."  A loud explosion shook the walls of the structure around him while the ceiling fissured, coating the room in a thin layer of dust. 

He wiped the dust off the camera and leaned in. "They're just like us, Daisy. Except they're hard to kill. And hungry." The transmission ended and Hammer kept a sharp eye on Benton. 
   
Daisy turned around and furrowed her brow. "Well not just like you. I made a few improvements."  She showed Hammer a tiny vial marked 'R24079.'

Hammer instinctively went for the only defense he could think of. He kept it ready, even as they had him cornered.

Thud.  Hammer's chin snapped into his clavicle before his world went dark.





He awoke in restraints.  The blow hadn't been too bad.  He figured he hadn't been unconscious for long.  

He groaned as he tried to find weakness in the handcuffs. "Still waitin' on that cheeseburger."

"Look who's up. And in relatively good spirits, considering." Daisy leaned over him and smiled.

"I told you I liked this one!" Benton patted Hammer's boot, "I've been missing having brothers around."

Daisy sighed. "We've been trying to evolve those that succumbed to inferior strains, but they're still not quite on our level." She made a wishywashy gesticulation with her left hand, holding a syringe in her right. "But not to worry. This strain's flawless when we find it a nice, clean host to permeate."

Benton sighed. "Eh, thats's the easy part. Just make sure to exercise self-control after the turn, alright?" He patted Hammer's boot again. "Good boy." 

Daisy readied the syringe. "He's just sore about what happened at Northend." She squeezed the remaining air out of the barrel. "He thought he recruited himself a couple brothers, but they showed no sense for rationing." 

"You really don't need to eat that much unless you want to." 

Daisy shrugged, "They wanted to." 

Benton shook his head. "Took me days to find and dispatch 'em all."

Daisy smiled at Hammer warmly and started to inject the solution into his forearm. "But you're not like them, are you? I think we'll find that immortality agrees with you."

"Even when Benton doesn't," Mobar chimed in from the doorway as Hammer began to feel the life drain slowly from him.

"If you say so, Doc." Hammer mustered a sideways smile. "But I think we have a problem."

"What's that?" Daisy and Benton exchanged a cautious glance.

"I already took my Pill." 