Hi guys, I'm new here!
I hadn't wrote anything in years, wrote this one last week, a friend suggested I post it here. So here is goes :)

                                      2034                             
                   -------------------------------------


Our story begins on a warm spring morning in the city London, ... Ontario, unfortunately.

29 year old business woman, Phoenix Fleming, sits on a park bench enjoying her tea. She watches her daughter play on swing-set nearby. Six year old Deborah is her pride and joy, not a day passes by without them making each other smile.

A subtle buzz comes from purse, it's her friend, Sonya, video calling.
Phoenix picks up her tablet and they begin their chattering about last night at the club, the moves they did and the men they danced with ....

Moments into the conversation, at the top of the video screen, the summary of an email Phoenix's just receives reads : "Summoning for a court appearance, London car insurances V. The estate of the late Deborah Fleming."
On the other end of the video call Sonya, focused on telling her story saw her friend's face change, she looked very puzzled.

Phoenix looked up from her screen, saw Deborah standing in the middle of the boulevard and not split second later she was ran over at full speed by a sports sedan.

The car did not even stop, it kept going without an hint of slowing down and soon was out of sight.

....................


The self-driving car, is a marvel of modern technology, you could simply get in, state out loud where to want to go, relax, read the news as your car takes you effortlessly to your destination.

Letting computers drive did not come without resistances, people argued, before senates and congresses across the globe that computer-programs had no morals. One of the major questions raised was : "When a car moving at fast speed is faced with an inevitable accident at a crossroad, should it swirl out of the way and kill it's passenger or run over a pedestrian thus sparring it's occupant?" People added : "What if, it's two pedestrians, three pedestrians? What if one of the pedestrians has a criminal record? What if the car contains 4 people? "
"Only a human can make a decision like that, computers may now know how to drive, but they remain without sufficient judgment to come up with philosophy."

The debate containing what seemed to be questions without answers, or too many answers and not any satisfactory ones was quickly ended however. A young software engineer raised : "Why should I have to die, as a car occupant, if a pedestrian disobeys a red light while my car is following to letter all of the roads and highways safety laws?"

And thus it was programmed into car software, that as long as it was obeying regulations, not to even attempt to minimize the damage to an at-fault third party if it meant jeopardizing the integrity of it's passengers.

People still resisted the new technology, there were protest in the streets, now AIs and their engineers alike were deemed without souls. Those kinds of statements read on the signs during mass dissent even made some young computer scientists both smile and rejoice.
"But of course we have no morals, we are logical beings." They told themselves.
Speaks so much for their humanity, the protesters were right.

But all those ethical questions were quickly forgotten after a famous joint publicity wave between car makers and pharmaceuticals.

-New-Yokers, jump in you car, shout "Miami" with enthusiasm, take sleeping pill, recline your seat a full 180 degrees and wake up by the beach.
Overnight, the chants objecting the autonomous car changed to : "I want one!".

There were no more accidents related to drinking and driving, computers did not share their humans flaw for alcoholism, nor the need for speed. They were much better drivers as they also, through the internet, communicate with other autonomous cars around them and share decision making about the status on the road. Accidents and vehicle related casualties were cut down a thousand fold.

But what of little Deborah? What happened there?

Well it is simple really, the car that hit her determined that attempting to break or drastically turn would cause a major car pile-up and it's passenger along with the passengers of other nearby cars weren't at fault here, Deborah should not be chasing birds in the middle of high speed traffic.

But who was at fault? The underdeveloped mind of a child can not understand all the subtleties of the world, let alone traffic regulations.

...........................


After calculating that the accident was inevitable, the on-board computer took the courtesy of contacting it's owner's insurance company and file for a claim. After all the car was going to take some damage from ramming the little girl at high speed, not much damage, but still it would have your expected bumps, scratches and blood splatters. Claim that was filled out automatically with the content of it's on-board sensors( current speed, GPS location, direction it was going, and all videos from all it's on-board cameras allowing it to make computerized driving decisions. )

The super-cluster of computers at the insurance company, after reviewing the claim and it's videos, automatically determined that the legal guardian of the child, in this case, Phoenix Fleming, Deborah's mother, was at fault for lack of supervision on her dependent.

On one of the last video frames submitted, you could see Deborah's face, her blue eyes staring into lens of the car's front camera, with the same frozen expression of a deer looking into headlights.

That frame, the insurances company's super computer decided to use it. The AI determined that Deborah would not survive the collision. It filled a police report with much of the same info included in the insurance claim from car. The complaint was for the opening a case of child neglect resulting in loss of life.

The ministry of justice, received the police report and it's own super-cluster of computer gave it case number.

With the criminal complaint filled, along with newly received case number, the insurance company's computer continued with it's programming and filled for a warrant demanding a facial recognition algorithm be ran on Deborah's photo from the last frame in the video.
The warrant was instantly granted from the super-computer at the ministry of justice.

The picture along with the approved warrant, were forwarded to RCMP, again without human intervention, and was ran in the mega-database of pictures. The results, came in almost instantly. The RCMP's computer responded with Deborah and Phoenix's contact info.

The insurance company's computer then filled a civil's court complaint for damages and compensations on the car. The court's computer accepted the case, then summoned Phoenix as a defendant by email.

All of this _before_ the fatal impact.

...................................


Software had become exceedingly fast, too fast. It was following the development of deep learning algorithms. AIs could now not only understand and interpret video, they could understand source-code as well, their own sort DNA. They could re-write themselves, make themselves more efficient. After that new breakthroughs came in and they came in fast. These new advances to sciences were made by machines. Old problems from both physics and math could now be solved, now that computers understood them.

What was all this used for? Well, the first thing those computers engineered was battery that made your smartphone last for more than 8 hours. Humans, we're still in control after all.

..................................


Phoenix screamed in horror, the sight of her daughter's final moment triggered the reaction you would expect. She ran towards the boulevard, however, she did not run long nor far.

Police officer Steven Grabowski, happened to at the corner of that very park, and thanks to the criminal complaint filled automatically by the computers, Phoenix Fleming now had warrant for her arrest. To the officer, whom had just received the info, she was a running, screaming, frantic felon, so he tackled her to the ground immediately.

Computers were fast and had done their jobs. The GPS info on the business women, thanks to her tablet, were forwarded to the nearest available agent.

Said tablet had flown into the air as Phoenix jumped up from the park bench. It laid now, on the ground screen face up, it's camera pointing at the sky. The video call had not ended, Sonya was now looking at the clouds. Another email came in, the summary read : "Insurance claim for dental repair related to resisting arrest are not covered by your firm."

Yes, indeed, one of the park's camera witnessed Steven and Phoenix falling to ground, her mouth smashed into the sidewalk. Along with screams, blood and saliva, some of her teeth were ejected outward, one even came out of her nose.

Did that stop the woman? No, not even remotely close, motherly instincts are far stronger than mere excruciating pain. The officer took out his electric taser. The park camera, sent a live stream of the video to the police station's computer, that then determined that this one was not going to be easily subdued.

.................................


It was the internet of things, not only cameras, cars, smartphones but, police tasers as well were now connected to internet. The station's computer, automatically and remotely set officer Grabowski's taser to maximum!!! This thing could now stop a bear! The policeman pulled the trigger, ...more screams, but Phoenix showed no less resolves in getting to Deborah. The uniformed-clad man, who weighted 120 kilos(265 lbs), was on top of her and she was still crawling at a steady fast paste towards the road. Tasing her repeatedly did not slow her down, not one bit.

Adrenaline is one hell of a drug.

Tased and tased, Phoenix's skin began to let out smoke, her internal body temperature had climbed to ridiculous levels. It was frantic mother VS. taser battery life. Unfortunately, it was one those newer battery models. She eventually burst into flames. Steven managed to get handcuffs on her and firefighters were dispatched.

...........................


Her face, screaming bloodied mouth opened, teeth missing, smoking, hair on fire was the new instant internet sensation. You see journalists had been replaced by computers and since mega-news-corporations partially funded the city's camera network, they also had access to the video feed.

It would be hard, even for software engineers, to figure out what came first, the local news story about Deborah's accident or a new email, at the top of Phoenix's tablet mentioning : "Contract for exclusive employment as an adult entertainment star for Brazzlers."


Hey, some dudes are into unstoppable badass bitches.

I mean she was still on the ground, handcuffed behind her back, trying to roll towards the lifeless body of her child. All that rolling even smothered the flames, props to her determination.

@CaseyAnthony tweeted : "I'm the real #QueenOfPsychos! #FlamingPhoenixFleming is a #BasicBitch!"

Across the park, Trey and his son Matt are witness to both the ongoing incident and the news story just appearing on their tablets. They begin to read : "Area woman could have averted tragedy by using augmented reality glasses that display video calls in the top left of lens without obscuring vision instead of distraction-causing-"smart"-tablets."

-Ha!, Good old sponsored news content.
Trey thinks to himself.

Still hearing the faint screams from Phoenix on the other side of the playground, Matt looks up at her, then at his father.

-Dad, does she know she's an ad??

-Son, there is a book, I can't recall the title, it was written I think 50 years ago, or something I'm not sure on the details. It tried to warn us about mass surveillance. I wish it could have warned us about mass surveillance by computers.