Once upon a time, in the house of scrooge, there lived a goose. But not any ordinary goose. This was a special goose. He could talk. This particular goose was call Jeff, and he enjoyed swimming in ponds and stealing duck food from humans. To start, I would just like to say that this story will be taken from the gooses point of view. Are you ready? Then we can begin.
A long time ago, (in a time you wouldnt remember) there was a rather short man by the name of Jefferson Scrooge. And he once did a great deed for the Queen of England, so Jefferson became very rich, and got knighted. Once he was rich, he didnt know what to do with his money, so he decided to buy a goose.
I am a very nice goose, and a $4 goose at that. A very good deal for such a fine bird. Just for a laugh, Jefferson named me Jeff. What he didnt realise at the time was that I could talk. It is very difficult to talk without teeth, but I do my best, and though sometimes I do sound like a duck. Rest assured I AM A GOOSE.
Well start my story on thanksgiving. Jefferson invited some friends and family over for this occasion. Jefferson is a good fellow, but his family is barbaric, instead of eating turkey for dinner, they wanted to eat ME! Can you imagine? Now, I have to say, I loved my life at home, but this was going too far, I decided to waddle away from my good friend in search of a better life.
We live in a down called Duckford. An ironic name, I know, but Jefferson seemed to find it funny. So anyway, I was walking around Duckford when suddenly, a massive cat came out of the alleyway. I prepared myself. Then paused, I could reason with this tabby, I decided the diplomatic approach. Good Evening my dear cat I said, with Im afraid to say, a rather pompous manner. The cat eyed me, like a duck watching bread. And good evening to you she replied, What are you doing out here so late at night? This made me pause, I didnt want to give the game away and be caught by my master and his hungry family. Just wandering I said quickly, and waddled off down the street.
A quick reminder, I am a goose, not a duck, or a swan, IM A GOOSE. Got it now? It is odd to see a random goose down the street, and many people who were having a night time stroll seemed to think it was very odd indeed, saying things like, Im going off the glug now Anyway, I came across this pond, and this pond, as I say, is a very nice pond. And I had many friends there. Such as Reginald the Swan. He doesnt have quite as nice a home as I do, but he has a loving family. I decided to pay him a visit. Reginald! I cried out into the night. MATE! said Reginald calling back to me. I slipped into the pond and went towards the billed voice. How are ya mate? he said to me in his Australian accent. Im fine, and you? I said. This went on for several minutes, when I finally decided to leave. And wish your wife the very best from me! I called to him as I left the pond. 
By now it was 11:47pm and I was starting to feel a little homesick, being a logical goose, I guessed that the carnivorous family of Jefferson had left to their own homes by now. So I waddled back up the lane, past the pond, past the pub, and right past the old tabby, who was still eyeing me like I was a tasty snack. 
I had come home. I called to my master JEFF I called in my loudest goose voice. Noone replied so I said again, rather crossly JEFF, OLD BOY and someone across the street said Shut that bird up! to which I was extremely offended. No goose likes to be called Bird I went around the house and found a slightly opened window, so I opened it up, and found Jefferson fast asleep in his giant bed. I gave him a quick nip on the ear, and I went to my own bed, grateful that I still had aloving master.

END
