Satan didn't even look up from her desk to say, She used the utmost discretion-

Archibald cut her off. You call that discreet?! She destroyed an entire village, maam! With fireballs and a rocket launcher! How can you possibly consider that discreet? I could have been quieter and I'm a fucking Inquisitor! Mastema is like a sister to me, but even I can see that she's out of line. And now she's chasing down a pair of ancient gold dragons loose in our territory! One of which might be a half celestial! She's gone rogue. I need to be on this one, not her- 

Satan looked up from her desk and asked, Do you dare question me? Archie, have you forgotten your place? Have you forgotten how I allowed you to survive, despite your little insurrection all those millennia ago? I gave you a second chance, Archibald, and this is how you repay me? You, my son, are the one who is out of line. You're only pissed off because she's better at your job than you are. She pulled off the entire operation without a single injury. You're getting old and careless, and it's showing.

Archibald bit his tongue. He subconsciously rubbed his shoulder wound. He had so much he wanted to say, but he knew that further insubordination would lead to punishment, and he didn't have time for that. Hell is at risk of rebellion, lead by a pair of gold dragons, and you are responding by sending a single assassin? I feel that the Inquisition is better suited to this task. We are more organized and larger in numbers than the assassin's corps. Furthermore-

Satan sighed and took off her glasses. She looked Archibald in the eye and said, You are a force of sheer terror and violence. You leave conquest and destruction in your wake. But I know that you are struggling right now with your... lover and your progeny. I have a different task for you. Your grandson, he is in Elysium right now, his soul is. And you are to go there, and kill him. This week. Take the time to prepare a team if you must, but I want his soul erased from the multiverse.

Archibald inhaled sharply and said, That would be a task for Mastema. She is a master infiltrator and assassin. She could get that done in an instant. You are sending a hammer to do a scalpels job. 

Satan looked back down. Well, tonight your roles are reversed. I want you to play the assassin and her the inquisitor. I want to test your loyalties and skills. Now go. You have a job to do. 

Archibald stood there shocked. He took a moment to recover, and then bowed before exiting the office. He went to his apartment. When a shadow in the corner moved, he drew his pistol and shouted, You have three seconds to announce your name and rank before I blow you the fuck away! I have had a very long- 

A sultry, silky, angry voice replied, My name is Raphaela, and I am your lover, and so help me Cayden Cailean if you don't lower that weapon I will beat you senseless.

Archibald sighed in relief and holstered his revolver. Kitten, you had me worried. I thought I would have to clean the carpets again-

 Oh. Don't you kitten me. I know what's about to happen. And you had better not go through with it. I'm not about to let you storm the gates of Elysium and murder my friends and family just so you can eliminate your grandson because you think you weren't a good enough father figure in his life. I swear, if you don't leave with me right now, and come to the mortal plane, I will leave you. Her expression was one of pure anger.

"Kit- Raphaela, what's on the mortal plane? he asked, curious. 

Raphaela replied, Your salvation. Now pack your things and leave that revolver behind. We're leaving. Whether you want to or not.

Archibald laughed and said, I'm sorry, what? You can't make me do anything. I'm far more powerful than you, and I know you won't leave me. You wouldn't have come back if you were going to.

Raphaela rolled her eyes and said, That all might be true. But I happen to know for a fact that you won't be able to take three Planetars. 

Archibald laughed hysterically and said through his tears, Like you have three Planetars, I mean, come on, kitten, are you being serious? I know you lie a lot, but I'm not buying that one.

At that very moment three Planetars gated into the room and surrounded Archibald, who said, Oh. Shit.

Oh shit indeed, Archie. Come with us peacefully or I will have them take you by force. I'm not letting you commit anymore sins. Her tone was stern. There was no playfulness in her eyes. The joy that was usually spread across her face was gone. In it's place was a serious grimace. 

Archibald considered for a second the potential of shooting his way out, but then dropped the idea. His revolver fell to the floor and he put his hands up. One of the Planetars marched up to him and chained his hands behind his back and another put a hood over his head. 

Is this really necessary, kitten? I dropped my weapon, at least let me keep some dignit- he was cut off when Raphaela quietly said, I will let you have your dignity back when you've proven that you aren't the lap dog of the most depraved despot in all of time and space. In the meantime, you're headed down to the mortal plane, where me and the Archangels here will be watching over you to make sure you don't kill anything else.

And what if I do? he asked. She sighed and said, Then, unfortunately, the needs of the many will outweigh the needs of you, and you will be imprisoned inside Golarion. 

Archibald scoffed, but didn't speak. He was lead through the portal and into the light of the Material Plane.

-------

GLOSSARY

From www.D20PFSRD.com

Planetar:

Muscular, bald, and tall, this humanoid creature has emerald skin and two pairs of shining, white-feathered wings.

Planetars are the generals of celestial armies. A typical planetar stands 9 feet tall and weighs 500 pounds. They focus on combat and the destruction of evil; though they understand diplomacy, a planetar would rather lead the charge against an army of fiends than negotiate peace.

Elysium:

The plane of good without the limitations of law, Elysium is populated by the courts of the Azata.

-----

This is the first draft of the fifth chapter to a short story I'm writing about the Big Bad of the Pathfinder campaign I'm running (I'm a nerd, I know). The main character is Archibald, Hell's Lord Inquisitor, essentially the head of the Infernal Internal Affairs. Though it is set in a standard Tolkienien fantasy multiverse, Hell is not restricted by those laws and is a fusion of medieval, modern, and futuristic, with influences from all over time and space. Critiques welcome.