The Girl


 I was jogging in the morning as I used to do everyday. After a few minutes I stopped to take a rest, then I felt something near to me... I turned round... Then I saw a pretty young girl about 9 years old looking to me sadly... I don't care and continued jogging.

Next day, I invited my friends to a party at my home and It started with a cool dancing. While I was dancing with my friends, I Caught a sight of the same pretty young girl looking to me with the same look!!!.... I felt cold in my bones and my heart freezed... I stopped dancing and suddenly I blacked out.

When I woke up, I found myself in the hospital and my friends surrounding me... They are very happy to see me waking again... I told them about what happened to me but No one believed.

When I mended, I returned home and tried to forget everything but I couldn't... I was very scared since the party, so that I slept at my friend's house and it was uncomfortable night. I dreamed that I was in a white room without doors or windows, the light comes from everywhere and there was a human voice of a young girl moving around me, she was saying ''Help!!... Help!!'' , suddenly I woke up in horror and thanked god it wasn't a real. I went to the bath and while I was looking in the mirror I felt freezed, I saw the girl looking to me from the mirror with sadness, I couldn't cry or shout, the only thing I was abel to do is to look deeply into her scary black eyes and suddenly everything turned into dark space and I wasn't able to see or speak or do anything else.

after a while I felt that something cold catching my left hand... She was the girl !!... And because there is nothing else or a place to escape to, I was forced to walk with her, she stopped, looked to me and spoke to me in a strange language, I surprised that I could understand everything she spoke. She asked for my help to change her past. She turned round and when I did the same she did I found a light very far from us, she holded my hand and started to walk towards the light.

When we reached the light, the girl disappeared and I found myself at a quarter standing in the street, the quarter looked like a place That I have known for a long time, the roods the houses even the bars are not strange for me.

During this thinking, I felt something hard forcing me to look to an ordinary home and after a while, 2 persons opened the house main door and kissed  young girl then they left... OMG!!! Girl!! 2 persons!! Of course she is the girl and they are her parents. I was watching the parents leaving the house with the girl inside and after a while I heard a sound like the cry of the death, It was coming from the house!! I quickly ran to the house, opened the door and then the hell started... I saw about 5 black strange shapes moving around the girl -she was lying over the ground- and speaking with horror in a strange language mixed with cries while they were holding opened books which were colored in a black bloody color. They suddenly disappeared leaving the girl over the ground... I walked slowly to her and tried to help her to come round again

''Who are you??'' she asked when she came round. I told her that there is no plenty of time to explain, I asked her about the strange things and she told me ''They come every night and tell me that I'm the chosen one to bring them again to the underworld, I'm very scared... Help me please!!'', I told the girl that I will do my best to help her and when I asked her for her parents, she told me that they are going to a therapist to ask him about my status then she said ''THEY KILL THEM THERE'', I calmed the girl and told her to follow me carefully... I took her father's phone number and tried to phone him but he didn't answer, and it was the same with here mother and before I ended my call, the girl said in a low voice ''They were killed'', I asked her ''How do you Know???'', she replyed ''Because They Are With Us''. when I heard this sentence, I quickly held her and started to run to the point which everything had started, during this the girl cried ''Hurry up!!! They are behind us!!''. I realized that the black strange shapes was running after us and luckily the light appeared in front of us. I ran as fast as I could to reach the light and when I was about to reach it, they caught the girl from her legs and pulled her towards them while I was pulling her towards me. The girl beseeched me not to leave her for them, and I told her to keep hold of my hands and with the help of my Adrenalin I successfully pulled her to the light... OH GOD, Thank you for your help.

I put the girl down and explained why I rescued her from those strangers. she smiled, told me nothing and suddenly disappeared then I found myself standing again in the bath looking to the mirror. when I examined my watch I surprised that everything have done in less than a minute!!

I sat with myself and remembered everything happened to me. ''What?? The girl!!.. The quarter... Oh My God!!... She was Marry!! And the quarter was ours'' I said to myself.

Marry was a strange girl in our old quarter. she had no friends because everyone was afraid of her. they called her ''The Creepy Girl'' ... I also remembered a scene from my childhood, When my father came home early and told my mother that the Marry's parents died in a strange accident. I collected all of those happenings and realized that If I rescued her in the past, of course she now stills alive!!. I'll search for Marry and I'll tell her the whole story... She may remember something from her past.

After a stiff searching for Marry, I found her grandmother in an elderly home. I asked her about Marry then she told me in sadness ''I'm sorry for your hard searching for my sweetheart Marry...she left the city 3 years ago, because she couldn't afford people's speech about her''. I asked the grandma about Marry's address then I prepared for visiting her in the new city.

It was a long trip to Marry's city. When I reached it, I asked for the address and luckily I found it easily. The quarter where she was living was very gloomy. I Caught a sight of an old pale house and It was Marry's. I stood in the front of a black door and pushed the bill. When the door opened, I was taken aback by an elfin young woman looking to me..''Who are you? and what do you want?'' she asked. ''I searched for you for along time and I finally found you. I want to tell you very important something'' I replied genteelly. She looked to me in care then allowed me to enter her house.

I told Marry about her childhood and what happened to her. She looked in me in horror and said ''How do you Know??''. ''I can explain, but you should trust me at first'' I replied, calming her down then I told her about the whole story.

She looked to me with comfort and smiled while tears were running down her cheeks, and told me ''You...You are the only person who Knows my truth... I finally found someone I can live with...I.. I lo...'' I cut off her and continued ''And I love you too''.

My life became more blissful after my marriage to Marry and now I have home, work, friends and 2 pretty young children and I was jogging with my pretty wife every weekend keeping our horrific secrets out of the sight.

--I'm new in writing stories so if there is a mistake in my story please tell me to improve my work.