Into the corridor he walked, stomping each step as if to be hammering the rotting floor boards beneath him into place. Revolver in hand he wiped his nose on his long sleeved hoodie, drenched in white spirits and petrol. He continued past the table over to the sink. His long greasy hair dangled in front of him face as he emptied the contents of his stomach into the basin below, letting out a pained groan. He stood with his hands pressed against the counter top head hanging low and spat the last of blood infused vomit out of his mouth. He reached down into his pockets almost frantically to pull out a small zip lock pouch. He pours half of the contents out into his palm and pours the honey like substance down his throat. He goes still, and his whole body tenses. He closes his eyes and for a second the room returns to the still state before this being entered. The room disappeared as this strangely lanky man became a piece of furniture along with the tattered cabinets and smudgy windows. For that spilt second he died. He stopped existing and lost all self-awareness. He became a lifeless object. For that split second he was more human than he had ever been.
The moment wore off and he entered the room again, but as an entirely new person. The damp mossy smell of the air filled his lungs bringing to mind countless thoughts that drafted through his distorted mind, Countless feelings, countless memories, Some distant others vivid. He became aware. Where was he? Oh yeah. Why was he there? Oh of course. He turned around, grabbing his revolver and dragging it along the counter which created a thin metallic noise that echoed against the peeling walls. We walked back out of the door way in which he came. His presence still lingering in the room in which he left. The ripples of his existence levelled out and the room became still. I know you fucking did it. The shout made its way into the room from the hall way. In stumbled a young man dressed in a tattered check shirt and dark jeans. His hair was short and he had slight stubble on his chin. He hasted in through the door way looking behind him. Are you fucking insane, Jebs?!? the young man yelled back down the corridor as he stepped in front of the table as if to create some kind of barrier. In walked our long haired friend, Jebs. Without even looking, he fired a shot right into the young mans shoulder, bringing him to the ground with a shattering scream. Jebs walked over to the now folded young man and pulled his head up by his styled fringe. You look flushed what happened to you? Jebs said panicked, almost sincerely.  The young man was breathing hard and in shock mumbling in a daze. Hey stop Jebs said condescendingly. HEY, Jebs tapped the young mans head with the barrel of his gun. He continued, each tap being more forceful than the last until he had drawn blood and cracked skull. Jebs stood up with a confused look on his face as if just figuring out something that had bothered him for years. He continued to look at the young mans seemingly dead carcass. Hey buddy, you gonna be OK?, looking down again at this once young man. HOLY FUCK WHAT THE FUCK DID YOU DO. Another man has entered the room; this man was heavier looking with long wiry hair with wrinkles on his tanned face. He wore an expression of disbelief. Ummmm, Jebs placed his hand over his mouth before he continued, practise? he replied with uncertainty as a child would do. On fucking Kev?!? seeming to be less angry as he initially was, the older gentleman walked up to the young man seeming known as kev splatter on the floor. Shit he whispered under his breath. Whos gonna bring caballero up with me the older man asked Jebs like he had forgotten how serious death is. Jebs face lit up in realisation. Thats what were here for, Ill tell ya I really had no idea what I was doing here playfully sounded Jebs as he pressed his revolver barrel into the others arm as he would his finger. you know what, Ive seen you working  out Im sure you could handle this on your own Jebs turned and sat on top of the counter. Go on Jebs pointed down the hall way and our older friend shrugged and walked down the corridor out of sight. Jebs sat half turned to look out the window. Just awful he whispered to himself as he observed the outside world and room in which he sat. He patted himself down. Where did he leave it?, gain whispering to himself. uhhu the noise came from deep within his through as he pulled out a large plastic shopping bag from his weathered leather jacket. He threw the bag on to table and jumped of the counter to do a lap of the room. An old wall clock, a wooden table with three chairs, one larger sofa-esque  wooden couch along one wall with the counter on the opposite side with the door in-between where what inhabited the room. In came the older gentleman with a small frail looking man tucked in his big hairy arms. He placed him on the couch. Jebs and the old man stood in silence as they drew each others attention and then looked back to the man sitting on the couch. Mind yourself Barry said Jebs as he cocked his gun half arsed in the air. Barry, the old man, covered his ears. BAND BANG. Jebs fired two shots into the ceiling, plaster failing by his feet. Caballero woke in a panic. He screamed. Jebs screamed back lounder but matching cabelleros pitch. Jebs continued as caballero stoped in confusion. Jebs stopped bringing a big gulp of air into his lungs. Alright, said Jebs as he jumped on to the couch squatting beside a very frightened cabbellero in a shirt tucked into the waist band of his slacks. so I just used 2 bullets waking you jebs looked at his revolver with was limp in his hands, and one on our fiend there pointing out the carcass of Kev to caballero who began to freeze and squirmier. shhhh its okay were here for the other guy Jebs continued in a calming voice. He sprung of the couch and walked to the table stepping over Kevs body where the blood on the floor had already began to clot. Jebs reached in to the bag on the table to pull out a syringe. Pre made and everything, arent you lucky. jebs placed the barrel of his gun between his teeth as he murmured to Barry. Hold him down. Barry jumped on caballero with a punch that blew his bolts out, caballero was dazed. Or that yeah whatever Jebs said through the gun in his mouth. Jebs straddle the know dazzled caballero pulling up his sleeve. Jebs spat the gun out of his mouth and on to his lap. Hey bar bar watch this no eyes.Jebs jabbed the needled right into caballeros arm with one eye shut. Pulling back the plunger until blood inhabited the liquid within and then he pushed down on the siringe. Jebs pushed of caballero picking up his gun and throwing the syringe across the room. I know I know I peaked. The two men waited in silence on as caballero when numb. Suddenly his body tensed and his eyes opened. Theres the man of the hour Jebs screamed in excitement as caballeros body filled with life. Alright, so where should we begin Jebs yelled raising the barrel of his revolver. We have so much to talk about


Hey, i only recently started writing and i wanted to see what people thought of my story concept if you have any questions please ask if enough people are interested i willpost the follow up.
