Traveler: How Long?
Those are the two most destructive words I've ever spoke.

Most people call me "The Traveler", for a good reason too.
I'm a time traveler and have been for the past 26 years, well technically I've only been doing this for two and a half seconds but that's time travel I suppose.

Myself and my assistant, Miranda, have made it a mission of ours to punish wrongdoers in a way only we can but only for those who deserve such a punishment.
There is man who deserves our special services today.
This man is named Stewart and he is one of the worst kind of scum you can think of.
He has performed many acts of injustice but his most recent is in another league in of itself, he planted a makeshift bomb in a building that housed the elderly and set it to blow at noon so that  there was a better chance for everyone to be awake when they felt the flames and force of the explosion engulf them.

Some might ask how I know these details and to that I would reply "I've done this a couple of times".

Stewart: WHOA! WHAT THE IN THE WORLD IS THAT!?
Traveler: He could hardly fathom what he was seeing, I had come for him.

Narration: A thing which only could be described as some sort of cosmic elevator slowly faded into existence while descending and touched the ground. Ding! The sound the elevator made.

Traveler: I grabbed him by his hair and tossed him in the machine with Miranda, he seemed surprised by my strength.

Stewart: WHAT'S GOING ON!? WHO ARE YOU PEOPLE!?

Miranda: If I just got thrown into a elevator that appeared outta nowhere by a guy who looks like pure anger in a suit, I wouldn't say very much.

Traveler: You are here for the slaughter of 56 elderly mothers, fathers, BROTHERS, SISTERS, NURSES, DOCTORS, YOU MR. STEWART ARE HERE BECAUSE YOU DESERVE A MORE SEVERE PUNISHMENT THEN WHAT NORMAL SOCIETY CAN OFFER!!!!
He was taken back by my hatred for him and took a more mild tone when he spoke, and yet still found something deep inside to give him the strength to say "Well they were already losing their minds, I just sped up the process" in retrospect it was probably pure stupidity.

Narration: The machine arrived at a peculiar looking location which could only be described in part as a cliff of what looked like the Bahamas.

Traveler: I threw him outside so he could embrace the full scope of where he was.

Miranda: Do you know where you are?

Stewart: No, not at all....where?

Traveler: This place is called a temporal loop, it's one of 6 locations in the known universe, 1 of 6 anomalies and is more cosmic then physical.
Do you see that sun? It never moves.
It is always dawn and will be forever because this place constantly resets and sometimes you wont even notice the switch.

Stewart: no, please, you can't leave me here to rot!
You must have some sort of law or conscience!

Traveler: I'll be back in a few years.
As I began to walk back to the machine Stewart bolted towards me, I pointed my finger at his knees which then gave out and he fell to ground.
I used the time it took him to get up to get back in the elevator with Miranda which was plenty of time.

Narration: The elevator ascended and faded out of existence.
Stewart started to accept defeat in his soul and just looked at the sun.

Traveler: He was done, he Regretted his decision but not because he was sorry for what he had done, but because he realized he wouldn't be in this situation if only he had not gotten caught.

Stewart: No, it can't be.
Oh thank goodness!

Traveler: I came back and stepped out of the elevator to be met with Stewart waiting at the doors.

Stewart: thank you so much for coming back for me!

Traveler: How long?

Stewart: What?

Traveler: How long has it been since we last spoke?

Stewart: well you just left, I just saw you like five minutes ago.

Traveler: No, you saw me fifteen years ago, how does it feel to be fifteen years older?
How does it feel to be old?

Stewart: What!?
NO NO NO NO NO, WHY, OH MY.....WHY WOULD YOU DO THIS!?
NO its impossible no way, you LIAR!
PLEASE NO!
I CAN'T....CAN...not.....no...no.....no.

Traveler: He just sat there and started mumbling, he slowly started to drool and stopped speaking altogether, he broke.

Miranda: What did you say to him?

Traveler: Told him he aged fifteen years.

Miranda: But we were only gone for five minutes?

Traveler: I know.

Miranda: And that temporal loop crap wasn't correct, so what was he sobbing about?

Traveler: Because this, how he is now was his punishment.
I told him he aged and he believed me, why shouldn't he?
We showed him the impossible, why ever question my word?
I brought him to the Bahamas then said two words and he lost his touch with reality.

Miranda: He told us about those people he killed, how they were "Losing their minds" so you....you..

Traveler: I made him lose his mind.

Miranda: well, good thing there ain't any mirrors around for him to see.
So where to now?

Traveler: I might want to do this a couple more times.


How long? Those are the two most destructive words I've ever spoke.

They call me "The Traveler".
