Fifteen to twenty calls a day. That's what we averaged on my first engine. Accounting for the time to and from the call and time spent on scene it's obvious time at the station was relished when we were in quarters. 
It was my first day, twenty years old. Ready-I thought, nervous, walking tall but feeling small. New guy and all. 
The engine was out, this was par for the course as I came to realize. 
One of the senior fireman, pants tucked into unzipped boots, mustache unkempt, something about him oozed of "I've been there" knowledge. He was on the ladder truck and they were in house-he was giving me a tour of the station, a few dos and donts, a little hazing, better than I expected. 
"So what will it sound like when we get a call"? I asked-trying to make conversation but not seem to stupid. Surely I seemed it with a question like that. 
"Oh you'll see"
Boooooooodooooooo a loud two pitch tone came from the ceiling like some sort of evacuation tones-loud enough to be I thought. 
KAPSSSSHHHH air brakes hissed and almost simultaneously a loud almost threatening yell emanated from the lobby leading to the bay-
"Where is he!?" "Probie!?"
Between the yelling of this now terrifying individual-and the monotonous tone of the dispatcher overhead I was no less than anxious. 
"Engine 61, tower 61, battalion 61 be Enroute-two car MVA, possible injuries and reported fire"
"Get your gear on the rig!"
"Move move move" 
I had seen those videos of the marines getting to boot camp and getting beat of the bus. I felt like one of them now. But there was no one to hide behind. 
The salty fireman busted by me unzipped boots clumping along as he stampeded  down the 3 stairs leading to the bay. 
By this time a large man-with a belly to kill was nothing less than in my face screaming. "Let's move probie!!!!"
We took of running. My gear was sitting in the stall ready to put on the rig when it got there. Now I found myself flinging it on trying desperately  to get it right and in the 60 second mark we were trained to do. Pants and boots-yank-suspenders. Radio, flash hood( the nomex covering that went over our head and neck) coat, I jumped in. The other fireman already dressed gives me a "we'll see about you" look and a head nod. He was young. Seemed nice. 
We're off. The computer up front gives us notes as we go-lieutenant (the man I've now come to fear) shouts from the front-" two cars heavy damage, we got injuries and fire! Sounds like a good one!"
Good one? Isn't this bad? Didn't matter...
The young guy says stay with Lou. I didn't know anyone's names-especially Lou....
Turns out Lou is really lieu; short for lieutenant. Things you learn in time I suppose. 
Lights-sirens-so loud! A boy's dream come true. Parting the seas as they call it when traffics parts both ways and you split the middle running to a call. The feeling was almost euphoric! I'm a fireman now i thought! This was it! But that's just it-this was it. In a minute or less a lot will be expected of me. The excitement turned to a fear and anxiety...
F150 vs Yukon head on. Major damage-F150 took a few spins and the Yukon climbed a telephone pole and came to rest like a bloodhound baying a coon up a tree. Except it was now on fire. 
Lou/lieu went to the pickup, I followed-he might not be this Lou guy but he seems to own me for now. I wanna stay in his good graces. 
The passenger door was jammed-the jaws of life-here in the flesh! I had never seen them before. That same salty fireman now wielded this 50 pound spreader like it was his pocketknife. Crush, Pop, no problem. The door pops from its frame with a crack.We're in. Get in there! He pushes me closer. Compound fractures to the lower leg. Bone, muscle, blood. All here for me to see. Screaming. Agony! Arm twisted up, the dust from the airbag lingering. Shattered glass and motor fluids underfoot. Smell of blood and gas filled my nose. Ironic-the fluid to run both things in front of me, spilt on the ground. 
My peripheral spotted others fighting the engine fire on the elevated Yukon. It looked like a failed shuttle launch...
I did what I was told-hold this, bandage that, move this. I was a puppet, but I was earning my stripes. 
Seemed like only a few moments had passed-we had been on scene for maybe 20 minutes. 
Finally all patients had been moved and placed in ambulances for transport to the ER where maybe someone else is having a first day. I was shaking and didn't even know it. 
I also didn't realize how much I was sweating. The Florida heat now in full force. Black bunker gear didn't help. We started to clean up. Sweeping glass and pieces of plastic. Just this morning these pieces held these commuters together. Now getting swept into a bucket for a tow truck driver to haul off. The char on the telephone pole still steaming. I take my jacket and helmet off. Walking around I inspect all the carnage. The smells were still overwhelming. Traffic stopped both ways. Motorists angry but blessed it wasn't them. 
I feel accomplished but wasn't so sure I did well. 
From a group of fireman, thumbs under suspenders, sweat just as heavy as me, Lou says-hey kid...take off your hood-you look like a nerd. And he flashed me a wink. An overwhelming feeling of affirmation and pride filled me up. I made it. 
Once at the station the ladder truck Lou brought me the GMC emblem from the wreck. Spiderwebbed but intact. 
Here you go kid-you did good today. Welcome to the fire service. 
That emblem now 7 years later hangs on my wall.
What a first call. 