This was originally conceived as a written concept for a graphic novel that plummeted into production hell. I've spent the past couple years doing research to bring a fantasy element and retelling of the conquistador's arrival in Central America. But now that my artist has left the work incomplete after we had finally finished drafting the entire story I figure I'd at least share a part of the climactic ending. This is like the director's cut of a story that will never be finished.

Eztli possesses magic based in the very blood of his people and himself. This can be exponentially grown to suit almost any circumstances where blood based magic manipulation is concerned, but at great cost to himself (or those sacrificed in his place). It is an incredibly powerful ability to manipulate his surroundings in both offensive and defensive fashions, either quickly at personal expense in the midst of violent conflicts, or in significantly more powerful and vastly more time consuming rituals that usually are so costly that they require sacrifices, rather than relying on his personal reserves. The latter is usually decided by the leader of the city-state, with the counsel or at the behest of, high ranking members of the city-states, and oft times these tasks are done only begrudgingly by The Narrator, Eztli. He does not hold their opinions in the highest regard and, as the events unfold throughout the story, increasingly finds that their decisive use of his nucleus conduit-like power either wasteful, needlessly cruel, or poor strategic maneuvers.

Yet when defeat seems inevitable, they all agree on one thing... That he is an Ezzoh, and that it is his job as protector and martyr of his people, to ultimately sacrifice himself completely in order to save his people. That the people he chose and was chosen to protect, they all must learn from him about the meaning and depth of sacrifice. After the entire city is carefully immersed into one giant drawing of shapes and patterns of sacred geometry, and with the cult-like worship of every member of the city lending and spilling large, but individually non-lethal, amounts of energy-laden blood. It all converges at the highest point of the pyramid at the same moment The Narrator's Heart is ripped from his chest and held high above the crowds of desperate people. And with the still beating heart as the focal point, the rivers of doner blood defy gravity as they flow up the gold-plated limestone steps of the pyramid structure, and then float lazily through the air like sinewy strings, popping, hissing, steaming, as they all converge in a twisting vortex. 

Ribbons of red twist and strain around the magic infused still-beating heart of the Narrator as a nucleus. In a mess of red folds, converging and overlapping, as the strands broaden and conform to the new shape, or burst from the growing mass in broken loops, like coronal mass ejections of the sun itself, as the blood of a thousand eclipse the sky. Then, once all of the blood is done collecting, after that stretch of time in which every onlooker was frozen in awe and fear. After what felt like hours crawling by, each instant an untraversable eternity, has finally come to a finish. The eclipse ends.

The massive sphere in the sky, collapses inwards upon the heart at it's center, and becomes the crimson silhouette of a person. A bloody mannequin, androgynous, featureless, skinless, a mess of sinewy red, like a body without skin. Exposing meat and muscle as it descends from it's lofty heights, down to the altar atop the pyramid. No wasted movements, no emotion, an entity with a single purpose that is reflected in every one of it's brief actions. It lands and it walks towards the body stretched upon the sacrificial stone. A shadow of the events that lead to this moment, become impressed wetly upon the smooth stone with each step that the dark figure takes toward the still breathing corpse of the martyr. The horrors committed during the long years of war. The memories, even the sins themselves, exist now only as these bloody footprints trailing behind the crimson deity. The sanguine-sculpted statue is the culmination and resolve of all these, it's stride ending where the heartless, drained, savior lay. It stands next to the altar, and looks down at it's final offering. 

   The heartless, Eztli, turns his head to see, and tears stream from his eyes as he lovingly looks up into the eyes of this entity that represents his people's survival. In it's face he sees every single one of the people he's ever imagined trying to protect. In the contours of it's cheeks are laughing lines not fully fleshed over, bringing to mind the young and innocent. In those eyes of mud and blood, reddish brown, he sees the time-tested and wind worn wrinkles of the wisened. In the line of it's jaw and the high cheek bones on either side, he sees the strength and beauty of the men and women that the Eztli was born to serve, that he lived among, and that he ultimately died to protect. 

The blood-being, or rather, blood God, Eztli's child, the collective will of a thousand or more people, lifts and extends it's right hand towards Eztli. Seeming to almost express some sort of pity or sadness for Eztli through it's brief hesitation, it was a pause so small that only the God and the Sacrifice would have witnessed it. The moment the blood-deity's right index finger touched Eztli, his body was instantaneously crushed, yanked, torn apart, and reshaped like a coat being pulled and thrown over the naked immortal's body, settling down like loose fabric, but pulled taut to become the God's skin to contain the intense power before it could evaporate into the ether.

From the moment the heart was ripped from Eztli's chest, the rivers of blood flowing into the sky, the eclipse of the sun as blood orbitted the still beating heart as it's nucleus, to it taking human shape and descending from the sky, and using the remains of Eztli as it's new skin, all happened within the span of a few moments, so despite the ultimate sacrifice and becoming apart of this new being, Eztli still hasn't truly met death and continues to serve as a part of this Avatar of his people.
