This is a monologue I wrote about a girl I'm current fancying. I feel like there's a lot of room for improvement. But I've looked at it too much now to have a critical opinion. Comments are welcomed. 



This feeling again huh? It's been a long time since I've felt this way about someone. It's such a pure, genuine feeling. In hindsight, my admiration for other girls before seem to simplify down to simple lust compared to how I feel about her. This feeling burning in my chest, these thoughts flooding my skull, the butterflies fluttering in my belly, it's all so whimsical. 

She's beautiful, gorgeous. Her hair, a natural wild fire, blooming brightly in the distance, flickering wickedly in the wind. If you get too close you'd burn. Her smile glows earnestly, with an occasional smug hint. Sending off subliminal signals for me to smile in return. Her eyes shine with a welcoming glint. The edges curl with simple delight when she smiles and gnarls deep when she's upset. Her pupils a dark shade of coffee that warm all that look upon them. I could stare into them for days without turning away for I too would be hypnotized by their spell. Her nose, like a shy bunny's nose hiding in the winter flurry. When you rub away a little snow, you can see the light speckles on her cheeks that she tries to hide. She dislikes them but I think they add to her charm. When I point them out she makes a wry face in disapproval.  Her frame is neither too filled nor too slender, but somewhere in between. Just right, yet you could never tell just by looking at her. Her choice of loose-fitting apparel make it difficult to see, but on the rare occasion that you do see her form for what it is, it's easy to agree that it's just right. 

But her beauty is only but the first hook to her charm. She's friendly. That's the sole reason the two of us even encountered! But not just friendly-small-talk-friendly, truly friendly. There's this aura she gives off when she meets someone new that makes her so approachable. It makes me envious sometimes that meeting new people for her comes so organically. And she's always engaged in discovering the world around her. Such a quintessential interest in the unknown and unexplored. Everyday she's born anew along with her ever refreshing drive to learn about the world around her. Actually, "learning" is an understatement. Perhaps "thrives" in the world would be a better suit? No matter where she goes, she's often times more of a traveler than a tourist. Nothing stops her hunger for adventure. Not monetary limits. A free journey would suffice just the same. Not people not wanting to come along. A solo adventure brings just as much happiness. Not fences or doors. They only keep honest people out anyways. It's  awesome. Left unabated, she could easily devour the world whole. But I guess she's never really alone on her travels. She carries and cares for a ragtag little doll from primary school around everywhere she goes. Her little travel companion. Her little charm keeping her safe on her journeys. The longest I've ever kept anything myself was for a couple of years before it broke or became lost, but her little buddy has been with her most of her life. Blows me away. 

And the way she speaks? She's more of a sailor in her speech than most sailors I've ever met. A no holds bar approach to expressing herself. There's the obvious limits in proper situations but when she's relaxed, the real her comes out and she cares not for the unnecessary weight that others give to certain words. The way she thinks is also worth noting. Drawing inspiration from local street artists is one of her main drives of travel. "I have to see it, I have to see it" she would say as she books the fastest means to her destination and searches endlessly until she finds it. The disappointment on her face when it's not there is countered only by the intensity of the delight on her face when it is. 

Flaws? Of course she has some. Everyone has blemishes. We're only human after all. 
She's incredibly vain. Always caring about the way she looks. Shaming her body in every photo. Even after reassuring her that she's beautiful, I don't ever think that she actually believes it. A sober "thanks" is her reply with each compliment. Guess I should try harder... Oh and while on the topic of compliments, she's bad at handing out those as well. Even when I'm all dappered up, the most she can make is "nice". "Nice" wasn't exactly what I was aiming for when I pulled out the suit jacket, dress pants, shirt, bow tie and suspenders. "Nice" wasn't what I aimed for when I angled my hair up and slapped on some expensive cologne. But "nice" was what I got and honestly that's all I really need from her. I have no desire for over-embellished words or phrases to feel acknowledged. I don't need to be worshipped and praised to feel special. Just a simple nod in my direction would suffice and that's what she gave. But on rare occasions she does tell me that I'm "fucking hot" which is nice. She's also horrible at controlling herself at any department store or mall. But that's normal for most girls anyways...

I guess the biggest flaw of all though is that she doesn't see me the same way I see her. This one-sided affection I hold. Sometimes I wonder why I strive so hard for something so far out of reach. Failing and falling, knowing there's no way to grab the goal. I guess I just like the feeling of being around someone so filled with life, someone who still has that childlike glee when introduced to something new. It waters my withering heart. Being around her brings me back to past days, happier days, reminds me of a happier me. Is it love? I don't really know. No it can't be. I still hardly know her and she still hardly knows me. But whatever this feeling is it's nice. It's refreshing. It's been a long time since I've felt this way. 