1. 
Ill suck your dick for $6.50. She was wearing one of those trashy skateboarding shirts. There were two small holes near the bottom of the hem. I was wondering how those holes got there, maybe hundreds of heavy load washes at cheap laundry mats, probably just caught on a door frame while stumbling out of a local shelter. I was more concerned with her request for such a specific amount of money. All I had was a ten; I wasnt about to get rid of that kind of cash. 
	Her knife only grazed me, sure theres a scar but all things considered, it could have been worse. She missed her mark, she looked at me with a special kind of want, like not killing me was the worse thing that has happened to her in her life. Like the countless johns and horse riders shes fucked, were nothing compared to what I denied her on that day. 
2. 
	I had to go to work. The hemorrhoids made every step feel like a glass dildo shattered in my ass. It was the beer. I tend to drink a fair amount when Im drinking. I tend to drink every day. 
3. 
	Work tended to go slow, I found myself into a stuffy corporate version of a hamburger-flipping job. I did paperwork, I think. It all tended to blend together. Sahib says hes in it for the benefits. We can get our teeth cleaned for free twice a year. The dentist always has a special way of calming me down. I do love nitrous. Whip-its are almost the same, but ordering them makes me feel like some sort of junky. Masturbation is a much more effective thirty second high. 
	 Sandra didnt know what she did to me. Every day she would come in with her pop culture knowledge. I did like the celebrities. I idolized them in a way, they had everything Ive always wanted; money, sloth. Fame I never wanted, I did picture myself as the reincarnation of Jesus. I didnt want to be famous. 
4. 
	I took the light rail to work. It was a wonder of modern planning. It was a single rail in the phoenix area, somehow only serving the rich areas. Two busses, 45 minutes and I somehow always missed that bastard by less than a minute. Seeing the door close before me was always reliving. I was too neurotic to be late to work, when circumstance, the universe and a greasy Pollack made the decisions for me, life was easy. 
	My hamburger of a jew bastard boss always tried to be funny when I walked in late. Ryan, what kind of a shitty person names their child Ryan? Like they wanted him to be destined for mediocrity. Nobodys ever heard of President Ryan. 
	Rough night? 
that bastard- 
	Sorry, I missed the train again 
5. 
	Im not going to bullshit you on this. Life wasnt all bad, not all some shitty screenplay. Sometimes, I got to enjoy my time alone. I bought a bottle of mid-shelf gin and made myself a warm martini. I could never drink it without a lime. Like no matter how hard I tried I was destined to be a sorority girl. 

6.
There was no way to look tough when you lose a fight to a kid in middle school. He was tall though. I never had a chance when I was his age, being 33 didnt change the outcome. If anything I was in worse shape now than I was when I was 13. I knew a few things going into that one. He shouldnt have been touching that girl like that, and I was jealous of every inch of skin he got to touch that I never had the chance to. 
As it turns out they were in love. Or what they thought was love. I was the bad guy. 
7. 
	I was going to kill myself today, I mixed some rice and canned tuna, and settled to have one last nutritious meal with myself. My incoherent ramblings were never published. My life wasnt what it should have been. I turned 34 today; Ive never felt better. 
	There is a strange sense of calm that comes over you when you decide to do it. Nothing that happens past that decision could possibly affect the outcome of your life. I didnt want to get arrested. What a fucking trope. You always hear about those people who rob a store because they have nothing left to lose. That couldnt be further from the truth. When you have nothing left to lose you can enjoy everything. You dont have to worry about your next meal. There wont be one. 
	
