Im not sure theres anything else I can do for you Kinda, a pained voice intoned.

She lay stretched out and at ease across the foam cot that folded out from the wall. It wasnt the first time she had been thrown into a cell for an attitude adjustment or some other minor offense and it wasnt going to be the last. Caution had made her exceedingly patient and year after boring year only led to a continued state of indifference that her current captors deemed a palpable indolence. Yet, despite millenia of personal experience in dealing with high-strung, self-serving jackholes, she would eventually break down and cop to some measure of childlike revenge. 

Kinda twisted her head to look out from her side of the transparent barricade that kept her confined to a two-by-three meter room. Sitting tense in the visitors chair was a very disheveled and very anxious man. Ran Euclid, Chief Mech-Engineer of the ship Auropa, was without a doubt the oldest person still allowed by the Union on trans galactic voyages. He was invaluable to the Union for being not only the inventor of Singularity Engines but also for the plethora of instrumentation required to operate them safely. The man had been petitioning for her release for days and his inability to do so was obviously taking its toll. 

Her current life had put her casually under his wing where they both took to each other immediately. There was always a year or two after death before the universe would spit her back into existence and it took another decade before her memories would flood back into her mind. In the distant corners of her thoughts she knew cultures took generations to change. Somewhere that route had changed drastically. Nowadays, there were giant leaps in tech that caused just catching up to take a considerable amount of effort. Early on, she used to be at the forefront of research but every iteration of herself began to chafe at what words meant to her. Enthusiasm became sophomoric. Hopeful became cynical. 

Perhaps thats why I like him, Kinda thought as she eyed him. Brilliant and successful without that gross, short-lived ambition she had grown to detest. Grizzled and slowed by age but with shoulders held in such a way that lent him seniority rather than demanded it. He was an old soul that saw his own being as an extension of something larger, a cog in a great mechanical organism. Where some others throughout their lives would doubt and redefine who they were, Euclid never seemed to waver. He knew his function. That committed, unyielding resolve without passion or blind faith drew her to him like no other had previously. She could have hacked into the Fleets database, stole the plans for these new engines, studying them, and been on her way. She could have, but she took this job instead. Looking out at her current teacher, she was remembering why. 

Im serious kid, what you did may have half the crew doubled over in fits but the Lieutenant is fuming! I have responsibilities to this ship that I cannot keep putting off. I havent even been to the mech room in over 20 hours. Instead, Ive been buzzing non stop in the Commanders ear trying to get your ass back where I need it! He ran his fingers through the last grey wisps of hair on his head then sighed and dropped his chin to his chest. There was an utter wave of defeat emanating from his stillness. 

How could she tell him? Thanks but all your effort is unnecessary. That this jail was really just a small hotel in comparison to previous hellholes she had been forced to brave. Stoned, starved, skinned, she had suffered all manners of death and torture over time. She had been burned as a witch. Cast out as a demon. She was once held captive by some minor lord of some backasswards village, where she had been beaten and raped for years until she finally was able to break free from her restraints long enough to bite her veins open. That this punishment was more of a luxury cruise was hardly lost on her but how could her friend ever understand? My lack of desire to appease these idiots must be infuriating him, she thought. Its that dickhead Anders that should be in here anyway.

Lieutenant Samaul Anders-Cary wasnt really much on her mind. That man served no function other than as a moral deterrent to the rest of mankind. The typical power hungry leach spawned from another power hungry leach who seemed to have no identity other than mimicking the one that came before them. His father, Byron Anders, Commander of another ship, escorted those with diplomatic ties (or enough cash) out to the forward operating bases to witness the glory of the Unions defense initiative first hand. His grandfather, Tellen Anders, was a retired ship gunman (though rumors now say he ran covert ops during the Third War for the Void), and now sits rubbing elbows with policy makers on the Unions home planet of Earth. History is ripe with nepotism, she thought dryly. 

That she was behind bars meant someone on the kitchen staff had told on her. No blame there. No doubt after Anders had finished recovering, he marched in there frothing at the mouth and threatened to fire everyone out the airlock or some such nonsense. Then a cook might have mentioned a certain Senior Mech-Engineer waltzing in earlier and dumping a massive amount of psychedelic spores into the Lieutenants private cask of strawberry wine. Some early morning meeting ran so far over he not only had missed breakfast but also lunch. The effect of the spores on an empty stomach were not part of Kindas calculated risk as the Lieutenant went completly batshit crazy. Running through the corridors naked amused many but when he tried venting the atmosphere to space due to an imagined fire, alarms sent panic through the ship. Before order could be restored, one word was on everyones mind: sabotage. 

Euclid looked back up at her with eyes full of pity and she felt a stab of irritation at herself for the feeling of embarrassment it brought. By now, the truth of what had actually transpired was out but the powers that held sway meant to set an example of her. She didnt care what anyone thought had happened or what was to happen to her next; shed outlive them all. But his eyes held on, affixed to her own, pleading for a respite to her silence. 

Ran Euclid, the illustrious genius of the age, a pioneer of space, and the single-handed tamer of the black-hole was gone. Where only a week prior he could move a whole starship across a solar system, today he couldnt move a single person out from her cell. His incredibly gifted and wise student he had thought of only recently as his own daughter had fooled him. Someone he believed to be rare and beautiful had crumbled into an impetuous child before his very eyes and it tore at him. It was only now that Kinda realised the extent of his love. She couldnt meet his eyes but she knew she owed him something. 

So she spoke, In ten years no one will even remember this. I know the universe is not prone to forgiving but it is forgetful. I dont expect your forgiveness but I do expect well both forget. Eventually, the Commander will get tired of Anders yelling to shoot me into a sun and let me out. Im sure even he cant discredit my value in the Mech room and to the future of the program. Please go get some rest Chief, Ill be back before you know it.

Euclid stood and crossed to the door quickly as if to retch but paused with his hand over the door sensor. He looked back over his shoulder to speak, but this time his eyes were closed. You havent been listening to a word Ive said. Youre to stay in your cell until we have docked at Palindar. The official report put out today has charged you with not only assault on an officer but with a deliberate act of terrorism with the intent to sow fear among the crew. I suspect the GPP will be waiting once were planetside. 

Then with a sharp intake of breath, he swiped his hand over the sensor and strode through the doorway. He had the air but there was nothing left to say. The GPP, or the Galactic Peace Patrol, had started off with the typical lumping together of internal police with trained military units and consultants. Now they were excellent at finding terrorists and had been known to pull them from their dregs in every corner of the Union. They started finding even more once the rules of interrogation were loosened. 

So its to be torture and death after all, Kinda thought as she turned away from the door. Fucking Anders.
