PRELUDE

Tell me if this sounds familiar: Youre entering the age when people have quit mentioning your potential. Youre renting when all your friends own. Your wife seems to be struck with narcolepsy the moment she feels your weight climbing onto your lumpy mattress. You work just hard enough to feel overtaxed and underappreciated. You remember life before as if it were a drunken Cancun vacation, one where you mustve pounded something, if only because you picked up the clap, yet the specificsthe five Ws of your last memory of happinessare a lost relic to what you believed would be everlasting youth. Every time you hear The Bahia Boys or catch a whiff of strawberry body spray mixed with mentholated smoke, you feel a twinge of excitement, a pinch of recognition, but it ends there, your smile fading, the soft click of the automatic doors of your Odyssey sliding shut around you.
Yet youre still full of wants.
	You want to be good at something. Better than your friends and family. Your coworkers. You want to inspire jealousy. You want to be known and admired and talked shit about. You want validation for your unearned excellence. But you know what they say about wishes, which is why youre sitting there with shit-smeared hands, scrolling through another night of horrible network TV, a browser open to missed connections just in case the coed in the Audi was feeling your ogling. The truth is, youre not doing anything to achieve greatness. Youre not following your dreams. Youre accepting mediocrityfinancial, career, spousal, once-a-quarter-missonary-sex-with-all-the-lights-off-and-no-butt-playand youre thinking this is all youre worth. This is what life looks like. This is growing up. 
Fuck right off with those thoughts.
	You can do better. You can be better.  
	What if I were to tell youpromise youthat you can transform your shitty life of Starbucks lockable single stall masturbation into that of a stud stretched out on some womans bed? What if I promised you that youd find your true calling, work becoming a hobby, pleasurable to the point of your peers envy? And most importantly, what if I told you that after completing a few simple steps, youd look back at your before, not as a source of nostalgic pride, but with pity compared to the awesomeness of your present? 
Youre probably screaming bullshit!
	Which is fair. 
	Youre scared. Youve been burnt by self-help books and confidence-building retreats and career fairs and speed mixers. We all have. But thats not what Im offering. No, Im promising you a different way of life. Im promising you change, real change that occurs on the synaptic level where you hide that shame and insecurity of your every failure. Im offering you the version of you the world ripped away after college, damning it unrealistic, nave, immature, shallow, unobtainable. 
	How?
	Simple: Read Get Rich and Die F%&ing: A Memoir/Workbook/Inspirational Guide to Using Your Suck to Propel You to Greatness. Its part coming-of-age, part love story, part instruction manual, and part workbook, and when taken in its entirety, as scores of people have already suggested, this text creates the synergistic that may spur the One True Religion. 
	Do not tread lightly from this point forward; if you want change, and are willing to go to the lengths suggested in this text to achieve it, then welcome, and read on. If not, fuck off and put this book back on the shelf, and go find the latest Real Housewifes tell-all. 	
		
I need you to close your eyes. Feel your shitty life slip awayyour steep ARM, the stink of burnt coffee at the office, your screaming kids, your wifes insistence on she being on top so she can actually feel you inside of herand now concentrate on your breathing. In, two, three, four, out, two, three, four. Bring yourself back to twelve years old. All you care about is having fun. And you know it will happen: parties, sex, money, freedom. You can sense it on the horizon, somehow tangible yet completely mysterious. Feel this mystery, this wonderment, this deep-seeded knowledge that someday it will all be yours. Your bodys vibrating with this unknown desire, electric and chemical and hormonal and yeah, Ill go ahead and say it so you can go ahead and feel itspirituala sense of there being something greater out there than you can even comprehend. Feel this to the depth of your being. 
	This is the moment we start from, the last instance where your desires matched your willingness to achieve them.
	Go forth from here, my child, and turn the fucking page.
