The sun is shining, not a cloud in sight. The sky is a baby-blue color today, and i see a rainbow. At this moment i feel bliss. I lay in the wet grass admiring the sky and the rainbow-when suddenly I hear loud ruffling noices and the sounds of giant mechanical arms lifting something.

Thats when I wake up and lift my head of the cold,hard gound. It was a garbage truck that woke me up. That was an amazing dream, I almost forgot i was homeless. I reach into my jacket pocket and pull out my deformed flask of rum. I take a sniff, smell like shit. I take a shot, tastes like shit.

Time to start my day. I reach behind the trash can and pull out a ziploc bag . It contains a rubber tube, a rusty spoon and a needle. I call it "my bag of joy". Now that i have my things, Im ready to leave the datk alley i call home.

As i leave home, i am welcomed in to "the matrix" by a white light that stuns me for a few seconds. The light slowly fades away and my vision is flooded my men and women who are speeding to their destination in their louis vuitton shoes and their blue-tooth headsets.

The first stop is a pawn shop, i come here once or twice a week to sell my stolen goods. Today I offer the vendor a hublot watch, fake ofcourse. Im expecting $50 but he slaps $15 on the table. There is no arguement. I accept thhe cash and leave.

The next stop is 7-11. I am welcomed to the store with a "ding" noice and a stare by an Indian man who looks alot like Apu from the Simpsons. I stall near the fridge and sneak a sandwich into my pocket. I also pick up a water bottle which i intend to pay for. I slap two dollars on the counter and leave. Apu doesnt suspect a thing.

I eat my unknown sandwich and wash it down with my shitty rum. As the sun falls, I reach my last stop before i head home. I fold some money and place it between the crease of my palm. "Hey Mark, the usual." I shake his hand and give him the money in one fluid motion. Mark doesnt say a word. He looks around for any suspicious people and hands me a bag. I sped back home with excitment.

I have now entered the dark alley, "home". I take my spot in the corner and pull out "my bag of joy", along with Marks bag. I take the contents out of both bags. Marks bag contained an innocent-looking, cream colored rock. It had a smooth almost silky texture.

I place the rock on the rusty spoon and fill the needle with some water. I point the needle at the spoon and spray a little water on it. I light the bottom of my spoon with my lighter. The water boils and the rock starts to melt. The rock has melted. The product is a bubbling tar-like liquid.

I submerg the tip of the need into the liquid and extract the liquid into the body of the needle. I tie the tubber tube around my bicep and watch my viens dialate. The dirty needle is peicred into my vien. The sting excites me. As I watch the black fluid empty itself from the barrel off the needle into my vein, my body gets heavier and heavier.
The needle drops to the ground... My eyes roll to the back of my head... I exhale and close my eyelids... The sun is shining again, not a cloud in sight. The sky is a baby-blue color, and I see a rainbow... 