The nuke didnt work. It reached its destination, and exploded, as planned. But it did nothing. When the telescopes were again able to see the object, we realized it didnt suffer any damage. And it kept its course. 

The world panicked. Evacuation plans were put into effect. People were trying to run, but no one knew where to run to. I had my wife and daughter go stay with her parents, in her small home town, thinking it would be safer than the big city. I was stuck at the command center. I hated not being able to be with them. But I still hoped we could come up with some sort of solution. Hope dies last, right?. The old man looked at me and smiled, looking for some response on my part. I said nothing. 

Anyway, he continued, a few hours later, the object got close to Earth. To everyones surprise, it settled in high orbit, and it stayed there for a while. Reports about its size, features and possible purpose were pouring in, ranging from rogue asteroid with unusual magnetic properties, to alien mothership. 

A few hours later, it started descending again. At this point, there was no doubt it was no asteroid. It was being maneuvered. How, and by who, was anybodys guess. Sightings started coming in of the ship piercing through the clouds, slowly descending towards earth. Eventually it landed in the desert. The dust it blew up took two days to settle. 
Immediately the military moved in and created a perimeter, and set up a command center about 5 kilometers from the ship. We were all flown in, to try to figure out what do to with it. We had no idea. 

I remember landing at the command center and looking in wonder at the ship. It was massive. Bigger than anything anyone has ever seen before. It was matte black, and looked like the kind of ship you would build out of Legos. It was awe-inspiring and terrifying at the same time.

The next few weeks nothing happened. We were all trying to figure out what to do, but the ship seemed dead. No movement. The only clue that something was indeed happening was a faint electromagnetic signal coming from it. The IT specialists said that it seemed the ship was browsing the internet. We were baffled. 

The old man stopped for a second. He looked at me and said 

I am going to get my pipe out.

 He then leaned slowly to his backpack and removed the pipe which was hanging from the front pocket. He put it in his mouth, and using a twig which was burning in the fire, lit it. After he puffed a few times, he took it out and offered it to me. 

Want to share it with me? he asked. 

No I replied. I dont smoke.

He seemed a little disheartened as he retracted his arm, and put the pipe back in his mouth. He puffed a few more times and then continued his story.

Then, a few days later, something happened. It took everyone by surprise. It was late afternoon, and we were just finishing our daily meeting, concluding once again that we have no clue what to do with the ship. All our attempts to communicate have been met with failure. 

Suddenly, from a hatch in the side of the ship, three objects shot out in a stream of bright light, like three bright white flares. They flew fast the distance between us and the ship, and landed in the middle of the compound, one in front and the other two slightly back. Immediately, the soldiers surrounded the objects and trained their guns at them.

The objects turned out to be some sort of humanoid shaped figures. They looked like they were on one knee, head tilted down. As they slowly stood up, we could see they were wearing what looked like armour plates, the kind old knights used to wear. Only theirs was bright white. It glistened like silver, but white. They were tall, about 3 meters, and slender. They were all wearing helmets which were long, almost like a teardrop, with the tip pointing slightly to the back. There were no visible facial figures, the helmets were completely slick. They were all carrying a staff of sorts. It was about 2 meters long, with what looked like carvings on it, and had a white orb on top, surrounded by four blades that looked like outstretched wings. On their back, they had some sort of backpack, that ran the length of their back. From it shot out a series of jets, bright white and varying in length. They moved up and down, and seemed to be keeping them upright. I guess you could say it kind of looked like they had wings. They looked almost beautiful.

They did not move, but looked around at the soldiers around them. The poor guys were obviously terrified. Their guns were visibly shaking, some were muttering prayers. No one has ever seen anything like this.

---
Part 1 [here](https://redd.it/3t1ujz)

Part 3 [here](https://redd.it/3v61hb)