[Part 1](https://www.reddit.com/r/shortstories/comments/433yqv/sf_destroying_gods_part_1/)

[Part 2](https://www.reddit.com/r/shortstories/comments/4340ud/sf_destroying_gods_part_2/)

Tentacles

The first month and a half that I was with Alpha Squad, nothing happened that called us into action. We spent most of our time training, hanging out, and checking in on our families from the Control Room. I got to know my team very well and quickly learned that they were a very tight-knit group of soldiers, very much a small family. Everyone on the squad was between 22, Rob being the youngest, and 38, Steve being the oldest. Samuel only stayed at our home base for two weeks before going off to Bravo Squad.

To prepare for what was to come, I was trained to use weapons that I had never seen or heard of and taught about the beings we were to be facing.

Christians believe in angels and demons. I was taught that there is no such thing as angels and demons, only gods. There is the god that created everything we know and then there are the others. Some are actually on our Gods side and sometimes help us fight against the ones who seek to destroy what He has made. So from a Christian point of view, you could say The Redeemers fight alongside angels against demons. This is one way of looking at it, but it is not entirely correct. The beings we were to fight were not demons, they were gods. They each had their own worlds and living beings that they created, but their creations are not as well off as we are or failed altogether, so these gods are jealous of our God.

With that being said, from here on out I will refer to the gods which help us as Angels and the ones we are fighting against as Demons, but keep in mind it is not truly what they are. These Demons are not like what you imagine as a demon is in the Christian theology. In our world, they are truly monsters. To bring themselves here and interact with our world, they must latch onto a living organism. When this happens, something completely ordinary and sometimes even harmless can become a monster like out of a moviesometimes a bad B-movie. The first Demon we got called against was like something I would see on TV and change the channel.

It was about 3PM on a Thursday. Rob, Ty, Chris, and I were playing a game of darts when the alarm went off. I had never heard the alarm before, so it made me jump when it suddenly came blaring through the speakers. We all ran into the armory and put on our gear.

JoJo already had her pistols, as always, so she quickly loaded up on spare ammunition.

Tom loaded up his pack with C-4, grenades, and other explosives.

Chris handed us each a radio and grabbed his tech and med packs. It was full of tools and whatever he may need to get into computer systems or any other type of tech we might come across that would inhibit us from completing our duty and a pretty typical first aid kit like I had used in the military.

Cory loaded up his sniper gear.

Rob filled a metal case with other weapons to bring: An RPG-122: laser guided rocket-propelled grenade launcher, an SC-429 which looked a lot like an anti-tank rocket launcher, but only dispelled a charge of electrons at pinpoint accuracy (think of a giant laser pointer, but will cut through pretty much anything within its 30 foot range) and many more weapons of differing levels of damage capabilities, I just want to get across the point that we were heavily armed with weapons you may know and others that you definitely do not. Also, everyone carried an M4 and two M9s. For those of us without specialties, they were our only weapons unless the need to wield something with a bigger capacity for destruction.

We made our way to the Transporters. There were eight of them, because there were eight members of Alpha Squad. This made sure we all arrived at exactly the same time and no one would be stuck fighting alone before others arrived.

Being the new guy, I was designated to bring the case of weapons with me. I dragged it through the doorway into Transporter 8 and set it on the floor at my feet. The room was lit only by blue LEDs lining every edge of the walls and ceiling and circles in the same blue LEDs in the center of each wall, the ceiling, and the floor. I was instructed to stand exactly in the center of the circle on the floor and put the case of weapons directly in front of my feet.

When the door closed, I got the feeling that something was pushing and pulling me from every direction, all at once. The pressure was almost unbearable - a very odd experience and one that I would never really get used to. As I stood there with my M4 ready, not knowing what to expect when I reached the other side, I began to feel a pulsing throughout my entire body while still feeling like I was being pushed and pulled from all angles. Then suddenly there was a jolt of bright light and all I could see was white. My stomach was reeling and I was sure I would puke. Thankfully just when I thought I couldnt take it anymore, I was standing on a boat dock next to the rest of Alpha Squad.

Out into the water, we could see an old wooden fishing boat being thrashed by what looked like a giant octopus. I had been told that they would take forms that were unbelievable, but I never expected to see a giant octopus destroying a fishing boat. Being on a boat dock, there were a few boats tied up. We all jumped into a decent sized luxury catamaran and Chris got it hotwired in no time. We flew across the choppy water to where this Demon was tormenting the fisherman and his crew.
There were already men in the water swimming towards the shore to get away, but some were left onboard hitting at the giant tentacles with oars and any other kind of weapon they could find. One man actually had a big cleaver and was doing a little damage.

Chris pulled us directly next to the large wooden vessel and Cory yelled for the fishermen to come over and go into our hull as we began firing at the beast. It came up out of the water and landed on the fishing boat, tearing it into splinters and taking it to the bottom of the bay. We were all standing on the edge of the boat firing our M4s at this giant creature that seemed tremendously intent on destroying everything within its reach.

With each shot that entered a long grey tentacle, it would thrash another out of the water toward us. All we could do was shoot and dodge. Thankfully the boat we were standing on was very sturdy and though the Demon was hitting it tremendously hard, the resulting damage was minimal. When I realized the Demon wasnt going to be able to sink us, I got a little braver and ran to the case of weapons. I grabbed the RPG-122 and slung it over my shoulder. As I was running back to the edge of the boat to re-engage in the fight, a tentacle appeared from my rear and hurled me overboard.

I am a very good swimmer, but with the weight of my gear and the launcher on my back, I sank like a stone. Though the water was pitch black and I couldnt see at all, it luckily wasnt too deep and I was able to untangle the RPG-122s strap once I hit the bottom and drop it to swim back up. I had just begun making my ascent to the surface when I felt arms grabbing me and pulling me upwards. I gasped as I was finally able to take a breath and saw that my rescuer was Rob. We swam around to the back side of the boat and climbed up the rope ladder that had been dropped for us, while the others continued to fire on the Demon.

The enormous octopus was obviously moving much slower now and Tom decided it was time to end it. Chris maneuvered the boat as close to the Demon as possible while we all continued to spray bullets at every exposed part of its wet gray body. Tom pulled C-4 out of his pack and threw it directly at the Demons head. His first throw missed and sunk to the bottom of the bay. His second throw, on the other hand, was perfect. It landed directly on the top of the giant octopuses head when it was barely visible at the surface of the water. On contact Cory shot one perfect shot that hit the C-4 and detonated it.

We were much closer to this explosion than we should have been and were covered in grey and red pieces of giant octopus. It smelled worse than anything Id ever smelled in my life and everyone except JoJo vomited over the side of the boat. She thought it was hilarious and very obviously loved the fact that she was the only one who didnt get sick.

Once we gathered all our gear and were ready to transport, I looked around for the first time. We were in what appeared to be a small fishing village in Japan. Luck was on our side today because every other boat at the dock was a wooden fishing vessel. Im not sure why there was a luxury boat at this dock, but Im glad it was.

Chris called Jonah on the radio and said, Jonah, bring us home. I was disappointed that he didnt instruct Jonah to beam us up, so I said it quietly to myself, Beam me up, Jonah.
Once again, I felt the odd sensation of being pulled and pushed in every direction, everything going white, and the tug in my gut telling me to vomit again. But then it was all over and I was standing in my Transporter.

[Part 4](https://www.reddit.com/r/shortstories/comments/4346bq/sf_destroying_gods_part_4/)