Siri and Sen looked at each other with obvious concern. A look that a Human Being might not recognise given the differences in anatomy between our species and theirs. Concern nonetheless written all over the grey faces surveying the damage to their ship. It barely made the landing intact after the impact from the debris circling this planet. Space junk! Humans! Sen's thoughts clear as a spoken voice in Siri's mind. Can you repair it? The question Siri asked already being calculated and methodically plotted in the grey males mind. No! Well! Not yet! His thoughts now hers. Finding some resolve and attempting to reassure his mate. It's not hopeless! We still have sufficient energy in the fuel cell to sustain us for now, but a time will come when we must utilise the resources at hand. Sen passed his thin fingered hands across the console in front of them, feeling the vibration begin, he let his hand drift across his mates fingers as the craft began to sink into the soft ground they had landed upon. Soon there was nothing to see except a bare space where the native grasses once stood.

3 years later.

Awoken by the noise and thudding coming from the ground around them The two aliens studied the scanners for clues as to what was disturbing the ground around their hiding place. The Humans were building something. A large structure directly above them. The nano-particle repairs were going slowly as the power in the fuel cells dwindled. Sen let his mind run over the calculations one more time  but came up short yet again. Siri felt his worried mind and offered comfort as they reclined back into their stasis pod. Sooner rather than later we're going to have to interact with them   his thoughts turning to how they had used disguises when surveying other planets. Siri had been studying them and sharing her analysis as she had slumbered. It was possible with the limited resources they had at hand.

2 years after that.

The bio-stasis pod roused the dozing occupants with a pleasant chiming signifying it's task complete. Siri and Sen awake now, stared at each other in recognition but muted disbelief. They had altered themselves to breathe the atmosphere on this planet and adjusted there shapes to be able to blend in more convincingly with the aid of a micro-Holographic emitter. The ship had been extracting nutrients and elements from the environment around them but was struggling with several key elements they would need to sustain the biological changes to their bodies. Sen looked at Siri and smiled with his Human face. Siri burst out laughing! Both in his mind and audibly the sound rattled him at first before he joined in. Endocrine deficiency? Source? Large Mammals? So Humans will be good for something after all! Siri nodded in agreement still smiling as she swung her human legs over the edge of the pod. Let's explore!

200 miles above the Earth a silent sentinel came to life and transmitted a discrepancy signal after detecting the presence of non terrestrial DNA on the planet beneath its watchful eye. This planet was in the Forbidden zone like several other non developed juvenile worlds and considered too fragile and unstable to be approached. That didn't often stop relic hunters and collectors from obtaining zoological samples though. Mineral hunters were another problem and the Ministry of Planetary Affairs took it's job seriously.

53 Light-years! Carnac groaned at his console! There was no more information forthcoming. Just a detector gone off. Adjusting himself in his chair he brought up the planet known as Terra on his viewscreen. Nature of discrepancy? Insufficient data! Biological anomaly the console blinked at him. It didn't matter anyway! It was his job to investigate and deal with the anomaly. With extreme force if required. Carnac calculated the navigation and entered the coordinates with a few gestures from his elongated fingers before reposing in his chair. Space began to fold around his vessel as he closed his eyes for the long journey ahead.

