Brian Murray straddled his bike and watched the paramedics load the body into the back of an ambulance. A hand peeked out from beneath the white plastic cover -- pale; slender fingers, red nails, a gold wedding ring. One of the men pushing the stretcher saw it and tucked the cover over it.

The intersection was a few blocks from Brian's apartment. He hadn't seen the accident, but he'd heard bystanders talking. The SUV ran the light and smashed into the side of the Honda Accord. T-boned it but good. The SUV driver, a haggard-looking fortyish woman in a dark gray pantsuit, was unharmed thanks to her airbag. She stood to the side with a female police officer, crying into a Kleenex.

The Honda driver was dead. Quick as that. 

Had she seen it coming? Had an instant of realization?

Brian glanced upward. The sky was very blue, the April sun warm on his shoulders. Tampa in the springtime. What a wonderful, glorious day. 

He felt a numbing sadness for the dead woman. What she was like? What had been her dreams, her hopes? Her great joys and sorrows? Did she have kids? How was her husband going to react when he heard? What would she have changed in her life if she'd known she was going to die today?

"Makes you think, doesn't it?"

Brian turned toward the speaker and saw a young girl in loose-fitting jeans and a baggy No Fear T-shirt. A few spots of acne marked her cheeks. Brown eyes, short brown hair. The kind of girl who never drew a second glance. She looked around sixteen, but could have been older. Not much younger than his own twenty-two.

"Excuse me?" Brian asked.

She indicated the intersection with a sweep of her hand. "This. Makes you think. Makes me think anyway."

Brian wasn't much for conversations with strangers, but her words sparked his curiosity. And she had nailed him dead on. He had been thinking. "What does it make you think about?"

"God."

He hadn't expected that answer. "God? A car accident makes you think about God?"

She nodded, tucked some errant strands of hair behind her ear. "Yep. Makes me think He really does exist."

Brian turned back toward the accident. Lights flashed, the ambulance inched its way onto the road. The crying woman was still talking to the woman police officer. Some of the crowd started to drift away. A tow truck arrived.

"Why does a car accident make you think God exists?"

"Do the math. All of the millions of seconds in her life -- millions -- and there she was, right there. Once second earlier, one second later, and she'd still be alive. What are the odds?"

"Well, when you put it like that I guess the odds were pretty high. But I don't see how that proves God exists."

She frowned, a small crease appearing between her brows. "Every moment in her life led up to this one, singular instant. One single moment -- a measly second or two -- one way or the other, and she doesn't die. 

"If it had taken her longer to find her keys. If she'd driven a little faster, or a little slower. If she'd paused to kiss her kid's cheek, or get a drink of water, or go to the bathroom.... Maybe she sped up to beat a light, or maybe she didn't. But it doesn't stop there. It goes all the way back." 

She was animated now, waving her hands. "If she'd been born somewhere else, married someone else, lived somewhere else, worked somewhere else, shopped somewhere else.... Do you see? Everything she did, every choice, culminated in this."

Brian had to admit that she made a scary kind of sense.

"Every single action you take, no matter how inconsequential it seems, could impact your fate." The girl indicated the ambulance with a quick tilt of her head. "Like her--any one of a million things done differently and she wouldn't have died. 

"A coincidence? An accident?" She shook her head, angry. "Someone had it out for her. And if that doesn't prove the existence of God, what does?" 

She walked away.

A breeze tickled the hairs on the back of Brian's neck. Two burly men in grease-stained overalls wrestled with the Honda, attaching cables from the tow truck. A cop began sweeping up glass with a push broom while another one in the intersection continued to direct traffic.

Brian mounted his bike and headed home, feeling frail and lonely. He thought about the dead woman. For the first time in a long while, he thought about God.

And he wondered when, and if, and how, all his moments would collide.