I can't explain what the warning is for because it would give away too much. I didn't want to put it in at all, but I didn't wanna be responsible for messing with someone, lol. And with that, enjoy the story!

---------------------------

"Today is the day!" Kevin says to himself as he wakes up. It was an unseasonably warm spring day. May the eighteenth, his birthday. He looks at his phone and sees there are no messages. A quick check on his Facebook shows three notifications. A Candy Crush invite, an invitation to like some art page and a posting in Vancouver Shop and Swap. "Good, no distractions." 

Before he gets dressed, he takes a minute to glance at a picture on the nightstand of a much younger Kevin with his wife. She passed away delivering their daughter, Rose. Raising her without his wife was difficult, to say the least, and Rose left to live with her older boyfriend the day she turned eighteen. They still talked, of course. Birthdays and holidays, mostly, but rarely without some sort of an argument.

He puts the picture down, gets dressed and crosses his small bachelor apartment to the kitchen and makes himself breakfast, buttered toast and oatmeal. Joy.

At 8:30 he leaves for work. It's only a ten minute drive, but he likes being early. It gives him time to get his computer running and all his paperwork in order. The only one there when he arrives is the janitor just finishing up for the night, as usual. He smiles and waves politely to the older middle eastern woman who doesn't speak much English. "Maybe I'd learn her language if I had more time." He wonders. 

Sitting at his cubicle, the thought is pushed out as his work fills the space in his mind, though some space is reserved for the excitement of what comes tonight. The only reason he's at work is because he hasn't mentioned his birthdays next about a month, seeing if someone will remember.

Lunch break rolls around, and still nothing. A man walks into the break room and with a booming voice full of the pep of the stereotypical salesman, he says "KEVIN! The Kevster, Kevarino! What's up buddy? How the day treatin' ya? Livin' the dream, am I right? HA HA!" An almost sickeningly flamboyant smile is plastered over his tanned face having just come back from a cruise somewhere tropical.

"Not bad actually. It's my birthday and I'm..." Kevin starts, but is quickly cut off.

"Hey that's good to hear! Listen, I got a lot of stuff on my plate. Big dinner with the bosses tonight, you know what I mean? Any chance you could input a few numbers for me? I'll leave the folder by your computer." Before Kevin can refuse, the man is already off to schmooze with some other people who walk in.

A little upset, Kevin packs his lunch and returns to his work. It turns out it was more than "just a few numbers" and it's nearly seven by the time he actually leaves the office. A slight drizzle falls on his windshield, as if the sky is understanding of his current mood. As he reaches his house, however, his smile has returned, the anticipation for the night taking him over with renewed fervour.

He opens the door to his empty apartment. No pictures on the wall, a small tv sitting on the ground with a couple milk crates stacked a few feet away as a seat and the thin, uncomfortable cot that is supposed to pass for a bed. He goes into the dilapidated kitchen, blocking out the sound of the dripping faucet as he had for the last few years. He opens the last drawer that actually works and takes out a piece of paper and a weighty chunk of metal before going to sit on his milk crates and watch reruns of a popular nineties sitcom about a black man from Philadelphia moving to a ritzy neighbourhood across the country while waiting for the inevitable call from his daughter.

Thirty minutes rolls by. Then an hour. Then two. It's now 10:30 and Kevin knows his daughter works tomorrow, so she would be in bed. Looking towards the window where the light mist has turned into a torrential downpour, he gives up hope and takes a look at the paper:

"My Dearest Rose:

I appreciate everything you've done to try and help me since you were born, but I can't do it anymore. I had hoped that giving you your space would help bring us together, but these last two years have been harder on me than ever. Watching you grow up into the amazing woman you've become was my only joy in life, and when that tie was cut, so too was my attachment to pretty much anything. I know this will be hard on you for now, but in the long run you will heal and not have to worry about me anymore. It's simply better for both of us. Keep growing, keep learning, keep striving to be the person I know you can be. Your mother was a great woman and I see much of her in you. I know you'll go far in life.

I love you, remember that. Daddy."

Kevin attempts to wipe a tear from the bottom of the page before bringing the weighted gun to his temple. The sharp staccato of the shot echoes throughout the apartment building, but goes relatively unheard as gunfire is not uncommon in this area.

A little over an hour goes by and the only sound heard in the grisly apartment is the dvd still playing the show until the front door slowly creaks open.

"Dad? I know it's late, but are you still up? I know this is a surprise and I would have been here sooner but this freak storm delayed my flight. I wanted to say I'm sorry about the last time we..."