You drive for a few miles, not a fast pace since the roads are all old and havent been paved this decade.  After you reach your destination, you and your thirty closest friends hop out and begin the worst part: talking to all the villagers.  Its in the Panjwai District, west of Kandahar City, and youre never sure if the people you talk to are going to call up the Taliban and tell them where you are or genuinely talk to you, warn you that there are IEDs on the road leading south and that you shouldnt go there.

Today, the village elder, Sayeed, doesnt seem to know anything.  He hasnt seen the Taliban in weeks, and the last time they came all they asked were when the Americans were last around.  You dont believe him.  You can see it in his eyes.  Hes terrible at lying.  You arent sure if it is because he hates Americans or is terrified that some insurgent is going to beat him because he was even near you.

CRACK CRACK CRACK.  You can tell that its an AK, and that rounds are aimed at you.  The mud walls that make up this particular grape hut spit out small dust puffs, and it sounds like it is coming from the south west.  Porter whips his M249 and points it at the sound, but doesnt see anything.  The company CP is saying that the Taliban are ready, but they cant tell you if there is one or twelve or fifty.  You stand back up, but Sayeed ran inside, and its going to take more effort than it is worth to get him back out.

CRACK CRACK CRACK.  Porter is already halfway through his belt by the time you see any movement.  A red splatter on the mud house about 70 meters away tells you that Porter did well.  You start a slow march over with the rest of your platoon, and when you finally get there, you see the body.  The AK is still warm, and you recognize the face staring blankly at you.  Its the village elders nephew.  Youve seen him a dozen times, you ate some naan and lamb with him last month, and have a picture with your platoon and his whole family on your laptop back at the COP.  Looks like Sayeed hates you now, whether or not he did this morning.

It happens at half the villages you go to.  Eleven months of this shit, and if they would just tell you whos Taliban you could do something about it.  You stop seeing them as people, just a current insurgents or a future one.  How long until the next villager is shooting at you?  Two hours?  Two months?  They all know that if the Taliban went away, so would the Americans.  If they dont want you there, then tell us who is bad, who is Ali Baba, and well all be able to go home and never think about each other again.  But it doesnt happen.  They think it is Americans vs Afghans, not Americans and Afghans vs Taliban.  But we arent the ones blurring the lines, they are.

And every time that line is blurred, you start realizing that every Afghan can be a threat.

When you finally set foot on US soil again, you arent the same person you left as.  Youre angry.  The last year was awful.  Those people arent even trying to make their home any better.  You could have made Panjwai better, if only they had been willing to tell you who was good and who was bad.  You cant do it on your own, they need to step up and help.  After two more deployments, you dont give a shit anymore.  Fuck these people.  I just want to finish my year and bring by guys back home.  If that means a body count to make it happen, so be it.  Its better to be judged by twelve than carried by six.

------------

You have to swerve around a pothole.  Its so big you can easily fit a soccer ball in it.  You are rolling deep today: three vehicles for two arrest warrants. After a month-long investigation, of flipping drug users to find the dealers to get to the mid-level dealers, you have enough to put them away.  You pull up to the house; a fourth car is on the next road over in case he runs out the back door.  You get a good stack on the door, ready to kick it in if they decide not to cooperate.

crack crack crack.  It came from inside.  Sounds like a 9-mil.  So much for coming quietly.  Tyrone kicks the door in and peels away, letting Kevin take the lead while Tyrone rebalances himself.  crack crack crack. You follow second, with Bill behind you.  James and Eddie have the sides of the house, pistols ready in case a suspect tries to take a shot out of a window.  The four of you rush in and flow through the house.  One is in the kitchen; Esteban has his knee firmly on his spine as blood pours out of the suspects shoulder.  Doug is still in the back yard, his breath knocked out of him when a bullet hit his vest, when the second suspects takes a jump from a second-story window.  He lands on the beat-up old Oldsmobile in the driveway and takes off.  James and Eddie follow, but hes faster than they are.  He turns down a side street, then another, then a third, and hes gone.

By the time they are back at the house, Kevin is stuffing gauze in the suspects shoulder.  Youve peeled off and have started the arduous task of talking to the neighbors.  Youre met with mostly I dont know and I didnt see nothin.  The next-door neighbor slams the door in your face.  She swears she doesnt know anything about the drug house, and her sons doesnt know anything either.  Theyre lying.  You can see it in their faces.  They know exactly who lives in that house, and that the runners cousin lives four blocks away, but they wont tell you that.  Finally, one woman tells you that little bit of information.  You radio it in, the brown house on Franklin Street with a blue Honda out front.  By the time any units get there, the blue Honda is gone but the cousin is home.  The car is in the shop.  You can tell hes lying, too.

You get a call three weeks later.  Doug is still on admin leave and talking to the head shrinkers about the fact that if that bullet had been six inches higher, his wife would have a flag and not a husband.  Estebans car is right behind you, his rookie still working on that sharp learning curve.  Kids so green youd think his dad was Kermit.  Or the Jolly Green Giant.  Erics pushing 65 and is maybe 205, soaking wet.  Its like a hanger wearing body armor and a uniform.

You go back to the same damn street, swerving to avoid that pothole that has somehow gotten bigger.  Theres a body on the ground, and the ambulance is coming right behind you.  You dont recognize the body, but you recognize the woman crying over it.  Its the next door neighbor, screaming for heaven to intervene.  Tears stream down her face as you get out of the car.

Why didnt you do nothing! she screams at you.  You da police! You should have arrested them guys next door!  You could explain to her that you tried, that she could have told you where they were, that the business card you gave her had your number and that when they came home, a single phone call would have him in jail.  But you dont.  She wouldnt listen, and if she did, all she would walk away with is the feeling that she could have prevented this, that if she had just called the police then her eldest son would be alive.  No mother deserves to hear than, no matter how true it is.  So you accept her hate, the blame she puts on you for her sons death.

Two weeks later, the suspect is arrested.  Theres no gun with him, probably at the bottom of the James River with the serial number filed off.  You go to your desk and grab your phone.  You call the mother, tell her that her sons killer in in custody.  You ask the question you have to ask.  Are you willing to testify?  We have him on the drug charges, but hell be out in five years.  You could put him away for 30.

You already know what her answer is without her saying it.  You never understand.  If they dont want you there, then tell us who is bad, who is dealing drugs, and well all be able to go home and never think about each other again.  But it doesnt happen.  They think it is Police vs African Americans, not Police and African Americans vs Criminals.  But we arent the ones blurring the lines, they are.

Youre angry.  Those people arent even trying to make their home any better.  You could have made Richmond better, if only they had been willing to tell you who was good and who was bad.  You cant do it on your own, they need to step up and help.  After five more years, you dont give a shit anymore.  Fuck these people.  I just want to make it back home to see my wife each night.  If that means a body count to make it happen, so be it.  Its better to be judged by twelve than carried by six.

------------

This isnt to say that there are some problems within the police forces across the nation, but I look at it from a military standpoint.  We get an ending.  We come home at the end of our deployment.  There arent Taliban at the mall, the Haqqanis arent blowing up I-95.

For the police, there is no reunion, no mission complete.  Their war never ends.  Combat fatigue is a real thing, and just as much as the Army feels it, the police do to.  The attitude of innocence, the lack of respect and understanding of the authority of the police, coupled with the fact that police need witnesses and information in order to do their job, means I actually understand how they can fall into the thought that these people dont even want it to get better.  In the Army, intelligence drives operations.  For police, evidence drives prosecution.  A lot of that is HUMINT, a person telling a soldier what they know, or heard from a friend.  Police call them witnesses.

And no, Im not trying to say that African Americans are insurgents.  Im saying that criminal elements  and gangs are just as damaging to America as the Taliban is to Afghanistan, and that as Afghans can be sympathetic to the Haqqani Network, Americans can be (and some are) sympathetic to the criminal elements here.  Whether it is because some of them are family, or it is because they fear reprisals, an outsider cannot come in a fix the problem.  It will take Afghans to fix their country, and African Americans working to fix the issues in their communities.  The Army can help Afghans, and the police can help Americans, but neither can do it alone.