Context: I hadn't written in a while so I was pretty out of practice. My friend suggested that I just write over anything in the world. When I couldn't think of anything she suggested Juan Green (John Green's Mexican counterpart) meeting John Green. So I wrote it. It's not very good, but oh well. I thought someone should read it.

---------------------------------------------------


There was no purpose. No reason. All his suffering was for naught, and no one would ever care. Who even would care? For the mexican man had no talents, no worth. He had no family, not anymore at least. He had no faith, it was the last to leave him. And soon the cycle would be complete, he would have no life.
	Juan Green threw a tout strong rope over an exposed support beam, and tightened it, so that a single loop hung just above his height. Juan trudged over to the last thing he could afford: a single wooden stool, and placed it just under the rope.
	Slowly, methodically, bearing no thought to the action at hand, Juan stepped up to the stool and draped the loop around his neck. It rested peacefully on his shoulders. Yet this was not good enough, Juan didnt want to have to do this again.
	He grabbed the rope slightly above the knot, and yank upwards. The loop snapped back to his throat and threatened to choke him, docile no more. It hurt, but it made no difference. For what Juan had seen, nothing could ever compare.
	There was only one final step left, he had to move a single foot forwards. Juan always had imagined this day, the day he would die. He always pictured he would go out in a blaze of glory, or in a peaceful sleep, with some clever words to match his equally brilliant life. But now there were no words, and even if there were, nobody would hear them. 
	He moved his right foot an inch closer to the edge, so that the tips of his toes gripped the edge of the stool. It all happened so clearly in his mind, how he would fall. He pictured his foot slipping forwards, and the stool tipping over. His body falling shortly only to be jerked back. He wouldnt be able to lose his nerve then, he wouldnt be able to cowardly stop himself. It would be over.
	His foot shifted a little bit more, so that the ball of his foot dangled precariously over the side. It still wasnt enough, but it was close. The vision was clearer now, and with it came the first signs of trepidation. Fear. The questioning uncertainty of what would happen after, what would happen during. Would he see his mother and father again? His brother? Or did they disappear when they died? Like he should have long ago.
	Juan forced his foot forward just a little more, so that only his heel remained seated. The stool threatened to topple, and take its master with it. Juan wished that it would, he didnt want to have to make the final move. He didnt want the chance to give up again. The pistol and knife mocked him, as they watched him cower. He was always unable to do what he needed to do. He always ran, he always saved himself. He shouldnt be alive. He didnt deserve to be alive. This wasnt how it was supposed to be.
	Juan threw himself forward, both feet sliding towards open air. For a moment Juan tasted freefall, before a rough hand gripped his throat and threw him backwards, stopping his fall. Juan thrashed and struggled but the hand was too strong, he tasted blood and saw red and white spots dancing on his vision. 
	A single white spot appeared, and in the center rode darkness. It formed in the center of his sights and grew until it encompassed everything. And when it did, all sight, sounds, and pain vanished.
	

	Juan opened his eyes to see a crowded cramped office, with books scattered on every surface not occupied by a computer. A single desk chair sat facing away from him, just visible over the rim, was light brown scruffed hair. 
	It was surprising how comfortable this place felt, how little it hurt here. For a moment, every pain he had ever felt seemed miniscule, and after that moment passed, it was still bearable. But greater questions lingered in his mind.
	Am I dead? He asked aloud.
	No, but you certainly tried hard enough. The chair rapidly spun around and the man sitting in it was a white man. A scruffy haired, lightly bearded, scrawny white man. But thats not really a conclusive answer Im guessing. Youre still wondering where you are, who I am, and a bunch of other stuff. 
	He spoke with an american accent and accented the final word most of all. He sounded strange as if he had rehearsed the speech and written it before hand.
	I suppose youre not really dead, but you could be if you wanted to. And no one would blame you if you chose to die, youve had it rough. You have my condolences. No child should have to bear what youve seen.
	How do you Who are you?
	Ahah, I was right. You do want to know who I am. Its so rare that I get to be right, well its so rare for anyone to be truly right, and I suppose since I influenced the outcome I wasnt correct here-
	For Gods sake shut up and tell me who you are. Juan shouted.
	I thought you didnt believe in God. The mystery man snapped back.
	I dont.... I mean I used to, but not since Is there one?
	I dont know, do you believe there is one? The man asked back.
	I...no....yes? Juan sputtered.
	Then there is one, and thats all that matters. See belief is existence by all accounts.
	Is that who you are? God?
	No, isnt it obvious. Im you. Well Im what you couldve been, with just a bit more luck.
	But we dont look the same at all. Juan argued.
	Hmph, just like most you only see skin color. Look deeper. The man was right. Every feature, every line Juan had was matched on this impossible individual. The only thing missing was Juans scars, but this man had a few of his own.
	My name is John, Im what you would have been had you been born in America rather than having to drag your way there. Im an author, just like you hoped you would have been.
	I Im sorry this is too much to take in all at once. This shouldnt be real. This cant be real.
	You couldve been great you know. The stories bouncing around in your head would have saved a lot of lives, those words would have spoken to people in the ways they needed.
	Please stop talking John, I, I just need some time to figure out whats going on.
	And with the money you earned, you couldve done a lot of good back in Mexico. You could stop the people who hurt your family.
	You dont get to say shit about my family! You got to grow up here! You got to keep yours! Mom, dad, and Hank they lived full lives to you! Chingate, bastardo! Vete al infierno!
	All of the good you could have done. All of the people you could have helped.
	Besa mi culo, tu hijo de puta! Cago en tu leche!
	You could have had everything you ever wanted from America, thats why you went there. You wanted to be an author, you wanted to help people the best you could.
	ENOUGH! You said earlier that I could die if I wanted to. I choose that, just just let me die. Juan begged.
	Oh I dont have that power. Its all you. Youre here because youre not ready to die just yet. What youre looking at right now is your dream, your hope. I am everything you hoped that you could be. You see me because youre looking for any reason to stay alive, any reason for the fight to be worth it.
	No! That cant be right, because I want to die. I want it more than anything.
	You dont want to die, you want the pain to stop. Its a big difference.
	Theres no difference if death brings an end to the pain. Juan resolved.
	It wont because even if you died right now, you would never stop regretting that you didnt live. You made a mistake that almost killed you, you lived for me. John said.
	How did I live for you, I didnt even know you existed. Juan asked.
	I am what you could have been in the future. You lived for what life could have been, you lived for the future. The problem with that is, it never stops being now. If you had reached me, you wouldnt have been satisfied. You would never have been able to see yourself as having achieved it. You set your goals on a target that runs just as fast as you do, and told yourself that you would never be happy until you reached it. John explained.
	Everything hurt, what else did I have but the hope that one day I would be happy? Juan asked in despair.
	Hope is good. Working for a better future is good, but you cant live for it. Hoping that you someday become happy, and trying to be happy are too entirely different things. One is an unobtainable goal, the other is a lifestyle. Just know when the only thing keeping you alive is hope, you wont live for long. Hope is such a fragile thing, it only takes a single fear to shatter it. John explained. 
	But what do I do? Juan asked.
	Start writing. It will be terrible, just keep doing it. Keep scratching at pages and working until you can afford a computer. But before you do that, you have to pull yourself off of the floor. It will be the hardest thing you ever do, but you have to decide for yourself that you want to live. John said.
	The office around Juan began to fade, and a sharp pain in his throat became evident.
	Oh and tell your friends to vote democrat. John shouted as he too faded away. You know, if you want to be a citizen.
	Juan awoke on the floor of his tiny apartment, with a support beam in pieces around him, and the rope still tight on his neck. It hurt. It hurt more than anything in the world, but he placed a hand under him, and pushed himself to his feet.
