So, do you want it? the salesman asked her. Rosa already knew that she did, but she was trying to get a better price. It wasnt there yet, so she shrugged and turned her head away nonchalantly.

The salesman looked at her. Rosa Berger was attractive, and meeting her at the beach was her idea. He now knew why. She dressed in a bikini that had to be pushing the limits of any decency laws in the area. She was lying on a towel, sunning herself, looking like a model in a magazine. He was having trouble concentrating. His usual clientele were quite a bit older and more prudish. But she knew what she was looking for. He had a feeling she knew how to buy it, too.

What do you want from me? This is not an easy find. I cant go lower. He tried, but he knew she was breaking him.

Rosa sat up and placed a hand in between her breasts, drawing the salesmans eyes to them. She smiled when she noticed his face become far redder than what it should be for as little as hes been in the sun. I just cant work that. Its really important for my family to have this piece, but theres only so much we can do ourselves. Are you sure you cant drop the price? Even a little?

The salesman barely heard what she was saying. N-name your price. We, uh, we can go from there. He struggled to take his eyes off her chest.

The dark haired beauty took off her sunglasses and looked her victim in the eyes. Her gorgeous brown eyes looked full of innocent joy at the news, and she knew right then and there that she had him hook, line, and sinker. She damn near could have asked him to just give her the artifact for free and he would have done it.

Sometimes, Rosa felt bad for the sellers of her trinkets, but they almost always tried to oversell them. Probably usually got away with it with the older codgers who were trying to keep busy in their old age. She, on the other hand, knew what investing in those beauties was worth. Those objects told the story of the past. This is where we, as the human race, came from. This wasnt some text in a history book from high school. This was the real deal. This was magic to Rosa, a way to view the past.

There was nothing more important.

Really? Rosa reached into her beach bag and grabbed a pad of Post-Its and a pen, wrote down her price, and handed it too him, surreptitiously getting into the sexiest pose she knew. The salesman was now clearly and uncomfortably aroused and at this point, Rosa knew by experience, he would say yes to the deal just to get out of the awkward situation.

The salesman briefly looked at the note, sighed, knowing full well that in normal situations he would never dare accept the offer, and handed it back. Fine.

Yay! Rosa exclaimed, keeping up the appearance that she was innocent. She again reached into her beach bag and grabbed her checkbook, filled it out for the amount she asked about, and handed it to the man. He grabbed it, opened up his briefcase, grabbed the object, handed it to Rosa, and quickly said his goodbyes, practically running to get away from her.

Rosa giggled to herself. She put the object into her beach bag and continued to sun herself, eventually falling asleep.

When she heard rustling, she awoke to find someone digging through her bag. She was short, blonde and wearing a jogging outfit of short shorts and a sports bra. As soon as Rosa sat up, the blond woman stood up with the object in hand and ran away. Rosa realized the thief knew exactly what she was after; she wasnt just some trash stealing some other womans junk.

Rosa jumped up and followed the woman. She was good at running on the sand and had trained herself to run barefoot on nearly any surface. So when the jogger ran onto the pavement, the fact that all Rosa was wearing was a very skimpy bikini didnt bother her. She was going to get that object back.

It seemed, however, that thief was just as athletic as Rosa. She ran through cars and buildings. Rosa was just a little faster and was catching up with her, until the jogger displayed a skill that Rosa did not have: free running. She ran into an alley full of junk that would slow down normal people, but she just jumped and flipped over whatever she needed to and sped far ahead of Rosa.

But Rosa was resourceful. There was an idling motorcycle nearby that the beautiful artifact collector had no qualms about borrowing. She jumped on it and took off around the block in hopes of catching the thief off guard.

When she rounded the corner, there was a little traffic and the blonde was just coming out of the alley. Rosa wove in and out to catch up. The jogger ran down another alley, this one clear. Rosa followed on the bike. The thief ran down another side alley, this one ended in a dead end with a overfilled dumpster.

Rosa sped up and, being so focused on her enemy, missed the brick laying on the ground in front of her. She flew off the bike as it flipped. Luckily she landed on the blond runner. Unfortunately, they both fell on the pile of garbage bags.

Still, Rosa wasnt about to let her get away. She pulled her up and punched her square in the jaw. Something else she trained herself in: mixed martial arts. The thief wasnt too bad either. She got up and took a stance that proved she knew how to fight. She gave a high kick to Rosa, who easily blocked and countered it with a punch in the upper thigh, which would definitely bruise. The runner managed to hit with an uppercut. Rosa kicked the other woman in the shin, followed by an elbow in the gut, then one in the face, landing square on the nose. This left the thief dazed enough for Rosa to one more punch in the exact same spot.

The blond jogger fell straight back, not even trying to break her fall. When Rosa checked, she had no pulse and her eyes were rolled back in her head. She was dead.

Rosa checked her for her prize and, finding it, moved the corpse to the dumpster burying her in bags. She found a mostly clean rag and wiped the bike clean of any evidence of her from it. She casually walked back out the alley, taking another path. Then back to the beach. Luckily, no one bothered her stuff. She put the artifact in her bag, then put the bag in her car. She then went back and finished sunning herself, as if she were perfectly fine with killing someone, as if she had done it before.

Because she had. There was nothing more important to her than the artifacts and the stories they told.