"Think it's gonna rain today," He muttered in his thick, Texan accent between his swallows of whiskey. The brown liquor dripped down the corner of his mouth and he brushed into his thinning, grey beard. Soft eyes gazed out across the pasture, flat lands of grass enclosed by acres of chicken wire fencing. His rocking chair slowly rolled back and forth with the gusts of wind flowing through his wispy hair.

"Yeah," she replied, gently. She tied her elegant silver hair into a neat bun as she looked at her darling husband. Youthfulness had faded from his eyes, years of hard work and dedication sprawled out in front of them as far the eye could see. She watched him as he sat staring into the horizon. Content, that's what she saw in him. It was all she ever wanted really. 

"Could probably ask the boys to come over, maybe have dinner? Still have some of that hog left over from the last time," She smiled, her wrinkles showing the age in her face. Years of Texas heat had not been kind to her, deep wrinkles covered her face and her skin had been permanently tanned decades ago.

"I heard little Michael will be starting school this year, think we ought to do something special for him. Boy sure would like to see his grandfather," Unwavering he stared into the pasture. Barely blinking, his mind wandering the corners of his brain like the winds of the earth flowing across the plains in front of him, aimlessly. 

The clouds began to blot out the sun, the soft sound of thunder rolling in from miles away. Wind swept through her skin like a sharp blade and sent shivers down her spine.

"Never did get used to this wind, ya know," 

He remained silent.

"All these years out here, y'all would think a city gal could adapt to all these changes, but it sure ain't been easy gettin' used to that wind,"

The animals began to take shelter in the old barn. Paint had nearly chipped completely off, small shards of red here and there reminded everyone of its glory days.

"Animals don't seem to like it neither. Even Sally left here favorite tree when that wind comes in. And those clouds! My oh my, little Michael sure would like to see this. Always loved the thunder since he could barely walk!"

He took another swig of his whiskey, the ice cubes clinked along the glass as he finished. 

"Would you like another sweety?" 

"Think it's gonna rain today,"