The heat was almost too much to bear. The pops of the Flames spoke in a tone that heckled us to come find it. Visibility zero. For a moment, my body reminded me it was tired; wet, uncomfortable, hot, and tired. I tried to lean on the smoke around me, for it seemed thick enough to do so. It's turbulent force driving past us quickly reminded me this was no time to pause. Snapped into action, seizing control of my aching muscles we moved forward like a pair of soldiers dragging their weaponry across a field. Except this was no field. The battlefield had been traded for a hall, the guns swapped for a dripping hoseline and steel hook, bullets for water, and enemy fire was a literal thing.
We were hot. But almost there. I'm hot! he yells, grabbing my shoulder to confirm I heard him over the roar of fire up ahead. Our low walk had turned into a crawl. The crawl was being forced into an almost prone position as if some force from above was denying us the ability to stand.
Black fire. I had heard the term but hadn't been in its menacing midst before. Flames overhead. Ghosting like souls trying to escape the hellish temperatures at the ceiling. Hit overhead! Not too much! Knock it back. Prodding with the 6' hook I knew the fire room wasn't far off. Three doors on the left. I reminded myself. I had seen it while masking up. Not to mention is was showing its beautiful ugly face when we pulled past the house on arrival.
A blast. A crooked helmet. Yelling. The ceiling! Not me! Another shot hit its mark. Quick hit-quick hit. No water falling down. Mental note. It's hot up there. It stopped the flashover, for now.
Advance! Let's get it! I was leading the charge. We were in enemy territory and with every breath we closed the gap on the only time we are sure of our life expectancy. 45 minutes they say-make it 20 for safe measure. Quick glance to check my air-can't see. Everything is black.
Hells ghosts returned-this time in more fury. But the line wouldn't budge. A coupling catch? Something pin it? Didn't matter. All that mattered now is we couldn't move on.
Curse low manpower. If only the city administrator could be here to feel my nozzlemans ears bubbling and feel the searing heat on our necks.
Turbulent smoke so black it felt space like. Heat like a furnace. Hose stuck. I'm burning here!! He yells. This time I could hear him fine. Back up and punt. Let's move out! A quick retreat down the line to the front door was in order. The time out was a mockery in comparison to the time moving in.
Off gassing we come out. SHWOOSH! The flames followed suit. Flashover. Licking our heels. Just in time. Pull the hose out, make a hit. Knock her back to the place she came from. A second line in the rear-bail opens and water flows with the charge of victory-piercing the flames with fearless abandon. Absorption begins. So rudimentary but so scientific. Darkness takes the place of oranges and reds. White steam begins to push from every crack and crevice where smoke once was. The roar replaced with the sound of one hundred and fifty gallons per minute of water being thrashed about the room like a tamer cracking his whip in defense of a lion gone rogue.
Darkened down. Close the bail. Fire under control. Only heat and charred wood like alligator skin remains. Water flows from the front stoop carrying with it soot and ash. The remnants of a home once lived in. Let's overhaul this and pack it up. Nice job.
