This isnt how I imagined dying. Looking down the barrel of a revolver while kneeling behind a really bad film set in the desert of some vague spaghetti western that nobody remembers. What a way to go. Like a clich ending to a bad western I suppose. Fitting, I guess.
I probably should have listened to Keith while he was still around. You know, I actually kind of miss Keith, come to think of it. He always seemed to know when not to piss people off, which is why Im in this mess to begin with.
I said, are you gonna dance? Or are you gonna cry? Asked the burly man with the gun pointed at my head. His deputy, Ive dubbed him, chimed in, Well you did kinda shoot him in the leg, Hal. After a nervous pause, Hals partner continued with a somber look in his eyes, That dont make any man much good for nuttin out in this here blaze of a day. Shoo, much less for fessin up to what he done, neithern, Hal. 
Hal finally stopped trying to bore a hole into the back of my head with his gaze alone and raised his head to his partners eyes, which were quickly cast down demurely, to begin yet another rant about injustice this, or how ol Yeller can this. I swear, if he goes off on one more soliloquy about dogs or horses I might actually save him the trouble of killing me and just do it myself to put me out of my misery. The misery of enduring this duo, I mean. I dont mind the business about the hole in my calf all too much, except for the minor annoyance of the slow, warm trickle ebbing through my tattered coveralls. Im actually surprised, myself, that there isnt a pool of dusted red growing under me. Which is weird enough, seeing that I am pretty shot in the leg. Or, at least, I think I am. And De Manni thinks so too, and thats good enough for me, I guess.
Oh, hey, eyes on me again. Guess they silently conveyed whatever serious conversation they were having between each other. A little more intelligent today, are we? Well, well see how it pans out for ya now ol Hal ol pal. 
The heavy silence was finally interrupted by a quiet rustle from behind me, accompanied by a frustrated acquiescence from Hal, De Manni, I swear, if I end up regrettin whats been done here today Ill sure as let you know it come time round for the next of them boys there to hock down three for two, ya hear? With an added emphasis on the you. Maybe Im in one of those bad spaghetti westerns where they just let the good guy limp off happily ever after? Right?
Pass me that rope there fore this lil no-gooder gets all squirmy again.
 Nope. I guess not.
I took the opportunity of their search to deftly roll over to where a broken board lay so as to procure a weapon with which to fend off these dumber-than-dirt cowboys. Only then did I realize that I most definitely had been shot in the leg, because my leg refused to move unless incurring the wrath of what shot-in-the-leg-syndrome really feels like. After a short, but hobbled crawl, I seemed only inches away from certain salvation. But was suddenly pierced again in the thigh by a heavy boot. Which, by the way, only reminded everybody of how I got shot in the leg as the message was echoed out through a deafening cry that emerged from my agonized expression.
He doin now!? Havin a fit? Exclaimed De Manni, emerging out from the corner of a nearby sham-house set-- in response to my brave war cries.
 I looked up to Hal, tracing up the dark figures boot up to his puzzled, but amused, expression. Putting a shaking and weak hand over my eyes to cover the glare beaming over Hals silhouette, I added defensively, This worked out a whole lot better in my head 
I assumed Hal donned a serious countenance for the tone of his voice, So cry it is.
 An immediate, stabbing pain tore through my thigh and into every last fiber of my being. After giving out a slightly less heroic war cry I drooped down into the hot sand, face first. Clenching at the ground and writhing in pain, I tried to make up as much of the ensuing debate before passing into a more comfortable state of unconsciousness. Not that it would have made much of a difference to my current physical well-being. 
But between coughing fits from breathing in the driest, most sandy air imaginable, I faintly made out the phrase, more a price live, den dead, Hal. Which were more than inspiring words to me at the time.


I awoke to the most annoying click-click-click from off in the distance somewhere. Outside, it seemed. And with a heavy air about. Humid, I thought. Which explained the clicking. Rain, passing through the gutters. Any attempt to lift myself from the dusty wooden floor was only met by a nagging reminder from my body that I was no longer capable of handling myself properly. It wasnt as if I was trying to just throw my life away. But my body didnt see it that way. It was convinced that all of its previous sorrows were to be avenged with a nasty reprise. For now, in the form of a splitting headache from attempting to raise myself from the ground. Is it too hard to ask for? I just want to know where I am. I mean, itd be nice.
I managed to flop over onto my back and put my forearm over my face, exasperated from the effort. After the initial groan and quick breaths filled the room with closed-in echoes, my faculties began to register the hum of the drizzling rain thumping against the decrepit roof of the sham-house. What more could I expect? I did almost die. Or am I dead again? It was getting harder to tell these days. And beggars cant be choosers. Guess I figured Id be stuck in a warehouse, tied to cables, so as to continue the movie charades that my life has suddenly turned into. 
