Beth was a tiny thing, barely five feet, pretty but already looking worn out. Thin with big, sad brown eyes, dressed in worn jeans and Joey's faded Limp Bizkit T-shirt. He'd met her Friday evening, two days before. She'd been hanging out on South Beach near the public restrooms across from the News Cafe, begging for change. Said she was from Wilmington, North Carolina, that she'd only been in Miami a few days. 

She was one of the new bunch that always showed up right before the start of summer, drawn south to the promise of sun and sand and lazy beach days, like Miami was some sort of Mecca and being there would make all your dreams come true. The girls, even the ugly ones, were convinced they'd be discovered, that they'd become the next new supermodel. Some ended up going home, some ended up in halfway houses, some ended up selling themselves.

And some just ended.

Joey knew the type. Joey was the type, though he'd managed to lift himself above the street. Not long after arriving -- almost two years he'd been here now -- he'd lucked into a job at a local Ford dealer. Walked in and asked if they needed any odds and ends taken care of. They started him detailing cars for minimum wage; he made ten bucks and hour now. Enough for his run-down one-bedroom, food to eat, gas for the used car the dealer had sold him on time, and his habit. It was all he needed. It was all he told himself he needed.

Still, he had a soft spot for runaways. She'd asked him for a dollar and instead he'd treated her to a tuna platter and a Coke, listening as she told her story between mouthfuls of sandwich and French fries. Against his better judgment he'd said yes when she asked if she could come home with him. Just a shower, she said, a place to sleep. You won't even know I'm there. She'd been so pathetically earnest, a stray puppy looking for a kind hand, a few pats on the head. How could he resist? And that was something Joey was good at: not resisting.

And now on Sunday they sat on the threadbare green carpet in the bedroom of his apartment, two syringes loaded, the afternoon stretching out before them like a sunny mountain meadow, wildflowers and all. He'd scored a fresh batch of Horse from Blue Charlie that morning and they were ready to fly.

"Ready?" he asked.

She smiled and nodded. She'd been a smack virgin. Joey'd treated her to her first trip Friday, the night he'd brought her home, her second one yesterday. Weak things, brewed up from the leftovers of his last bag, barely enough to get off the ground. Barely enough to feed his monkey and keep away the shakes. After her two little tastes, she was desperate to do it again, desperate for the release it brought. Today's batch was new, fresh, pure and clean. They were really going to soar today.

Jittery with anticipation, Joey pushed the needle into the protruding vein of his left forearm, the brief prick of pain heightening his excitement. A thrill of fear thrummed up his spine. Blue Charlie told him all his needles were clean, and Joey flushed them with ammonia when he could, but still.... He'd gotten a free AIDS test a few months back and it was negative, but that was a lot of needles ago. He shrugged away his concerns. Too late now anyway.

He pressed the plunger, slow, taking his time, watching the milky liquid disappear into his flesh.

"Go on," he told her after he'd finished. He kept the tube around his arm to keep the smack from hitting. "Like I showed you."

Beth nodded. She set the needle, wincing as she pushed it in. It wouldn't be long before she loved it as much as every other junkie.

He watched as she shot it all, smiling and nodding encouragement, the light of the Golden World already leaking in around the edges despite the surgical tubing tight around his upper arm. She finished, dropped her tube, and Joey saw it hit. She sagged back against the wall, eyes closing, a big, long breath sighing out of her.

Joey released his tube. It started in the center his head, a pinprick of golden light that rapidly grew, swelling until it filled his skull, his skin, until it filled the emptiness inside him. He could feel it pouring out of his eyes, his nose, his mouth, lighting up the room like the sun.... Too much, too full... he was going to burst.

"That's some strong shit," he heard his far-away voice say. A little part of him wondered if this was it, if he was going to OD. But that concern vanished as the light engulfed him and set him drifting, formless and timeless, in that warm, golden place where everything was good...

He woke a thousand years later, lying on his side, dried vomit crusting his cheek, pooled on the carpet by his head. He sat up, loopy, spinning, choking on the taste, spitting to clear it from his mouth, feeling some surprise that he was still alive. Shit, that had been a trip. Lucky he'd fallen to the side and not back or he would have choked.

He blinked a few times, rubbing the crust from his eyes. How long? The candle they'd used to cook was burned down. The three-dollar Salvation Army clock radio showed 6:22 in glowing red numbers. Shit, almost four hours. 

Beth lay on her side, eyes half-open, glazed and staring. 

Staring.

Not blinking.

Joey crawled to her, reached out, shook her shoulder. She was cool to the touch. Stiff. A fly crawled out of the dark slit of her mouth and took flight. He caught the ammonia whiff of urine and saw the faint darkness of a drying wet spot on her jeans.

"Oh, Jesus," he said, falling back. "Jesus H." He rubbed his face, scrubbed his hands through his hair. The heaves hit--he thought his eyes might pop from his skull they were so strong--but there was nothing there. They left him panting and weak, leaning back against the wall.

His fault. He shouldn't have loaded a full one for her. He'd barely handled it himself. She was too cherry, too small. But he wanted to get her to the Golden World, wanted her to see what he saw. He wanted her to understand. His damn fault. He wanted to cry, but couldn't. He was hollow inside. Empty again, now that the Golden World was gone. 

He made it to his feet, staggered to the window. Still light outside, but getting dark. This was his favorite time, when harsh light of day had faded and everything went soft and indistinct. A time when the real world blurred and dreams held the potential to become reality, when he felt a brief sense of victory that he'd made it through another day. It was when he allowed himself to imagine that one day things might be different. One day.

But not today.

He turned from the window and gathered her things--a tattered blue backpack stuffed with dirty clothes, a few plastic bracelets, some socks, ragged Nike sneakers. A travel book on Australia. He jammed everything into the backpack. He put the travel book in last, remembering the faraway look on her face when she'd showed it to him and talked about going there, about how if she could only get there everything would be sun and honey. 

Damn.

In the kitchen he got some Gatorade from the fridge, ate a piece of bread to settle his stomach. He went back into the bedroom, nose wrinkling at the odor. He didn't look at her. He got a towel from the bathroom and used it to clean up the vomit. He poured a little shampoo on the spot and rubbed it in to try to cover the smell.

When he was done, he lay back on the bed and listened to the clock radio. He tried not to think about her. He covered his head with the pillow.

He woke with a start. The clock radio still played, the time showed 11:47. A square of dark outside the window. 

He flicked on the bedside lamp and stood, weak and shaky. He pulled the sheet off the bed. His only damn sheet, too. He spread it on the floor and rolled Beth onto it. He thought she'd be real stiff now, but she was starting to loosen up. He wrapped her in the sheet, got her dead weight in his arms, and carried her to the door. 

Weird. She seemed so much smaller now, so much... less. 

He made sure it no one was around and then got her to the trunk of his beat up Ford Escort. Back inside to get her backpack and then he headed out.

He drove to South Beach, over the causeway, down to the south end away from the traffic and people and clubs. He found a dark spot to park by a dumpster, took her out, carried her a few feet, and unrolled her onto the sand right there by the edge of the parking lot. 

The sky was overcast, the light of a half moon a faint silver glow behind the clouds. He heard a far off horn, the noise of traffic further up the beach. The sound of the surf rolling in was a faint, soothing static. He stared at her a moment, wondering where she was. If she was. He left her there, staring at the night sky, with her backpack and bracelets and her travel book on Australia.

As he drove home, he thought about the baggie of white powder back in his apartment. He knew he was playing Russian roulette and that he'd lose, sooner or later. But that didn't scare him. 

It was the not caring that scared him. That big, raw emptiness inside that scared him. The Golden World, for a brief while, gave him something to feel.

And he thought about how, soon, he'd put the gun to his head again.