There is something about walking along the water. You feel so distant, so removed in the sand, nothing really making noise. The little you hear is drowned out by the water itself, the shore and the water dancing to their eternal song. Yet there is a feeling of intimacy that comes about as often as you let it, lapping at you like waves on the shore. 


A boy had a conversation along the water once. The wind was the biting kind, the kind where you wrinkle your nose and squint your eyes. The clouds were grey. The water was there too, pleasant ripples interrupted only by the old, rundown poles of a pier that was once. The whole marina reeked of those words, once was. It was everywhere. The northeast can be like that sometimes. 


A girl was there too. Theres always a girl. Dressed in all back, she looked thoughtful. A man once said that black is like a pencil stroke. Alone, it has nothing, no character or substance. But used by the right artist, the right author, or the right person, and you can make the greatest treasures appear. She was that author. She was everything, and everything never stays. 


You dont know that, she said, looking back and forth, his eyes, to the water, back to his eyes. 

I mean, it probably was a port a while ago. Look at that log thing, thats definitely a part of the pier. He replied quickly. He always did. He loved explaining things, just like his dad loved to explain things to him.

Okay, sure. But Im still not sure how long its not been here. I feel like you cant tell.

Yeah, youre right. But its probably been a while. 

She looked back down. He wondered what she was thinking. They didnt talk about much that was important. Their relationship was free flowing, one thing lead to another. And when it didnt, they sat in the most comfortable silence that could be, bathing in each other. But the silence wasnt comfortable now.

You know I cant do the long-distance thing, he said less energetically. His sadness was forced. 


He pretended it was because he was jealous, and long-distance never works if someone is jealous. But it wasnt that. He wanted to find someone else, he needed someone else. He had to be with someone. That and he couldnt be without them. And long-distance was just a promise to be without just to be with. Thats bullshit, right?

I just dont understand, she said back to him. 	


It probably didnt help that the boy didnt really understand either. 
