Who are you? A question that has always resonated with me since I can first begin to remember. I looked into the sky as a head appeared with a golden visage. Around me lies a plethora of foliage with a magnitude of blues, reds, and greens. To the east of me a coastline headed by a steep peninsula. To the west a forest that stretches vastly past my area of view. To the north the head which appeared golden whenever the light reflected off of its rocky surface turned into a crimson color. My curiosity gripped me and I felt the urge to explore it, however the sound of footsteps behind me gripped my attention and I turned around to the south to see a herd of antelope quickly running towards the forest. One small antelope with an unusually patterned coat stopped and walked slowly to me. I did not object to it approaching me instead I held out my hand, inviting it to come near me. I examined it as it came closer and closer intensifying the blue in contrast to the green that is its coat. One of the horns on its head is chipped and a large cut on its side that should have been fatal resides. Its eyes met mine in an odd exchange that I wouldn't think is possible with an animal that happens a primate. In school, biology specifically my teacher would go on and on about evolution and how the reason why humans have thrived is simply because we have the unique ability to reason. Yet here I am peering into its eyes marveled by the almost palpable sense that it's trying to say something. A moment passes and then it smells my hand and slowly moves beside me. I coarse my hand through the other side of the animal of the animal. Its fur almost feels artificial. Similar to the feeling you get whenever you feel a factory made teddy bear. I closed eyes for a moment. Silence. Everything seemed perfect. Nothing in mind. I'm no longer a teen boy struggling with the stress that resides in the troublesome life of pure academia. Even with my eyes still close my mind slips off of the feelings of euphoria and it brought back to mind the floating head with an odd looking face and a stone cold stare. Whenever I first looked at it, I felt an impression being made. A loud scream that resonates inside my head rips me off my train of thought. In front of me lies the dead corpse of the antelope. Its neck contorted at an impossible angle. The parasitical silence comes back to spite me. Still oddly enjoyable. It is followed by what sounded to be the sound of drops of water hitting the floor. I looked down on the ground to see a pool of black with two streams. One coming from the animal's dead carcass the other coming from my hands. I touched the black substance to feel something that I can only manage to relate to jelly. After a single touch it began to swell and shake. Even the small amount that was on my body began to do the same. It slowly spread up my arms. On my chest. Down my waist and legs. Finally with a realization that I might die I began to try to peel it off, but to no avail. Once it reached my neck I felt a drowning sensation and then a powerful force that twisted my neck around. Back within my view was the floating head. This time it looked more human than ever and it seemed like it was the actual to head to living organism. On it the substance that's currently engulfing my body begins to come out of what seems to be gigantic pores. In a matter of seconds the head was almost completely covered. In what seemed to be unison, both the of the substances on my face and the floating face covered everything. My world went black. I let out the loudest scream possible and as I went to open my mouth again I heard the words, "Lucius get up! It's time for school."
